three two one this is your unveiling you
know people know that people know yep
that's it
first of all Tatiana so this is I should
have chosen an easier name right at no
one can get it's titania titania because
she's named after the queen of the
fairies in Midsummer Night's Dream tell
everybody your real name my real name is
Andrew Doyle do you have an issue with
people now knowing that tatianna or -
Tanya - Tanya yeah she totally eclipsed
me I don't like I'm basically not alive
anymore it's all about her you know
well I can't remember how I found out
about you on Twitter but just laughing
really hard it's something that you
wrote that was so close you you do such
a good job of like blurring the line
between outrageously woke and satire
yeah it's that thing of trying to who
you are
who's the girl Ronnie throw there okay
yeah so the girl is a composite of four
different women well that's good put
together because I was worried about you
know I don't wanna get sued oh for sure
yeah so it's not a real human but you
know Medical intersectional was Natalie
selfless and brave by my walk but also I
love that she's dead pan because it
means that she sort of look every time I
post some it's like there's this PO
faced woman staring at you daring you
yes don't you dare so challenge me she
could be mean in a way that I'm not well
that's kind of funny you end up
inhabited this character who just isn't
like you and I do I do end up thinking
like her and then I even I've even
dreamt as her and that sounds like a lie
but I have so that's pretty scary I have
you know she'll have to go eventually
cuz I can't like I can't deal with that
kind of there's a psychosis isn't it
well she's so big now you have 420
thousand followers
it's weird cuz happen really quickly I
guess it's because there's a whole
cohort of people out there who just sick
of this the whole eight yeah you know
and I well it's partly that but also
partly because people still fall for her
all the time people constantly think
it's real you know all the time when I
have retweet you one of my favorite
things to do is read people getting
upset at you like that is ridiculous you
think that that's why Trump was winning
and right
never ceases to amaze me how angry
people get on Twitter with with you know
even legitimate with legitimate causes
it's like but I watch that and I think
it's fun because I can satirize the left
and the the sort of the most liberal
side of things through her but then I
can argue with the right-wing Trump
supporters and stuff and I can mock them
as well right so you get to have a go at
the extremes yeah I mean and yeah I I'm
so shocked that people still think she's
real though like even after all this
time Oh dad it's not shocking you're
close enough there's plenty of people
and I'll point you did a few of them
that I follow I follow some people where
I just bookmarked them so I don't they
don't know that I follow them yeah and
just some of them are so goddamn fucking
crazy
and yet I keep getting told this is like
a straw man these people don't really
exist yeah they do I even wants today
Jimmy there's a tweet by rosanna
arquette who's really really woke rizona
okay yeah I think so she did a tweet
about how ashamed she wasn't being white
and they loved her that was her I think
it was her and then I just cut and
pasted that tweet and put it on my tab
in is one of the Arquette's yeah but I
did the same tweet I literally cut and
paste it as tatin because I thought like
this is and some people got it that I
just taken this other viral tree and
some people got the point I was making
but it yeah it's close to some of them
are nuts yes like like frightening Li so
to to a point that it's it's a cult
flight behavior it's like it's it's like
I think that the basic principles of you
know standing up against racism sexism
homophobia all that stuff is great yes I
think the the woke movement isn't that
it's a kind of weird cultish pseudo
religious thing that is beyond that so
that you're no longer allowed to make
mistakes you can't be redeemed there's
no there's no it's it's it's it's got
all those hallmarks yes you know it's
like when they are early Christians used
to burn people out of love you know it's
that it's that thing and that's why we
get this kind of counselor culture stuff
and I guess that's why I wanted and
maybe that's why it's popular because
people have sick of treading around on
eggshells worried about being
misinterpreted or even worried about
fucking up I'm making mistake I mean
what's wrong with saying something
that's every now and then maybe you do
say the wrong thing and
it should be fine if you're a human
being but part of it is also that things
are written down right right and then
when things are written down you can see
them over and over again if you made a
mistake it just said something in normal
human conversation which is how we're
supposed to communicate and how we
normally communicate yeah it just comes
and goes ya know but when it's written
down then it becomes something different
but it's more than that isn't it because
it's it I'll give you an example so
there was a guy who was the editor of a
cookery magazine in the UK and a vegan
freelance journalist emailed him say I'd
love to do a thing about vegans and he
replied and made some joke about yeah
you can do something about will
force-feed the meat and we'll make them
eat each other and all stupid flippant
thing rather than saying I was really
offended by that can we talk about it I
don't think that's appropriate for you
to email freelance journalist she
screenshot the thing put it on Twitter
made a thing of it and he had to step
down so I think that's the difference is
where is like saying to someone look
calling out a mistake or calling someone
out for something they've done that you
perceive to be bad
that's that's all well and good but when
you're using it to advertise how
virtuous you are and and how you you're
able to take someone down for the
mistake that they made that troubles me
because then it's no longer about really
about the issue well I think what we're
dealing with when when you're talking
about what culture and I love that you
made this comparison to radical religion
because I think they're the same
patterns I think human beings have
patterns that they follow and you could
say that you're not religious but you
follow these extremely rigid ideologies
that don't allow for any variation
whatsoever you they force 100%
compliance and if you're not 100% in
compliant they will attack you and you
can't be woken up one of the things you
find a religion is people will
especially in the more radical dangerous
and scary religions they'll turn on each
other
oh you turn on each other for not being
pious enough yeah all the time yeah that
happens in what culture oh it was
scariest things that happens to these
woke people is when the woke people
attack them oh yeah I'm will it happen
with JK Rowling yes and we joke around
and because she defended it was a
British case it was the woman who was
fired from her job because she posted
some tweet saying that she didn't
believe that sex was a mute
characteristic she we said there are men
and women and you can't change and now
that's her opinion and she's entitled to
have it but the the judge in the UK
ruled that no it's that's not a
legitimate opinion to hold and you can
be fired for that right so JK Rowling's
simply said no that's not fair that's
it's her opinion and they went for her
yeah even though she's like she's so
worker she keeps retrospectively
deciding that her characters are gay and
all sort of stuff like that and you know
the Dumbledore's gay and she got she got
bigger after her they went after her
before that as well because in the
fantastic beasts sequel with Dumbledore
as a young man there's not much overt
homosexuality and so the LGBTQ community
was saying why isn't it more I mean what
do they want like double penetration
what do they want was that like they
want to full-on wizard gay sex scene
uh-huh and she got she got the brunt of
that you know it's like this doesn't and
I hate that so I don't think you don't
need validation by seeing Wizards making
out well unless that's your vision I
mean if her vision was I mean she if she
wanted some radical sexual aspect to her
story I don't think it was but if she
wanted it no it wasn't yeah she wants
right wheel it porn that's fine
I mean if that's shit look I mean it
doesn't even necessarily have to be porn
but I'm I don't think you should ever
try to alter someone's artistic vision
yeah when someone is a genius like JK
Rowling I mean think about that stuff
that she's created yeah Harry Potter
look the Harry Potter series speaks for
itself just in the sheer popularity of
it for someone to step in and say you're
doing it wrong when it comes to gay sex
everything else is great already all
right yeah you're red you're a fucking
genius with everything but geisha also I
don't like it's not it's not her
responsibility to be the ambassador for
gay sex and also you know I don't I
think it's really patronizing to gay
people to say that they need to see this
yeah but it that is now like a standard
thing in art and movies and stuff so
like you saw that with Tarantino with
Once Upon a Time in Hollywood and he
someone asked him a journalist was
saying you know like what why doesn't
the female care what doesn't Margot
Robbie's character talk more well he's
made an artistic decision he hasn't
thought let's just the female character
I don't care about that code so let's
let's have a silent most the time he's
making a point about sort of restoring
Sharon Tate to an iconic kind of status
that she was too
denied by the Manson family it's a very
interesting artistic decision and if you
watch film like that and you go away and
all you can think is oh the women didn't
speak enough there was enough diversity
then you're not engaging with the
artwork you know right like we we had it
in the BBC I did a review of Game of
Thrones by series by series where they
judged each episode as good or bad on
the percentage points of how much female
characters speak so don't do reviews
anymore that just have a pie chart like
it's it's it's it's weird to me that's
that's it's almost a completely
understanding what the creative endeavor
is all about sure art I mean look did
Salman Luiz do a disservice by not
having Brad Pitt talk more well exactly
that's a good example yeah yeah it's
crazy no was a great movie because it
was a great movie it's just an artistic
vision doesn't have to adhere to these
ideas of of inclusiveness and diversity
it just doesn't an artistic vision is
supposedly if you write about a bunch of
Asian kids that want to be hip-hop
artists you have no obligation to have
white people and right you have no
obligation to have anyone else in it you
could have look you can have a movie
with one character through the whole
movie
yeah no obligation of course it's a it's
an artistic vision that I've been
thinking about this a lot because I
think this gets to the heart of what is
the problem with the woke culture and
what they're the the foundation of their
belief system is and it's to do with
this idea of will you hear it all the
time power structures in society you
know that there's that there's this kind
of yeah and that's why they think there
needs to be more representation and
things like that in these films because
they think that influences culture and
influences people and maintains and
sustains power and everything like that
yeah so that's why there that's why
they're doing it and I think it's just a
false premise ultimately it is a false
premise and the people that are doing it
and the people that are perpetuating
this false premise are not doing good
work that's another part of the problem
if you want to be a woke artist good
fucking luck good fucking luck yeah
because your stuffs probably gonna suck
because you're thinking about that more
than you're thinking about the singular
artistic vision that you might have
you're trying to put it through the
filter of intersectionality and all
these different very
Able's that you have to take any
consideration of how you're gonna be
criticized and what you're gonna like as
soon as you compromise yourself yeah in
any endeavor you you you open up the
door for mediocrity and it doesn't sell
well like people and I think that's
simply because people hate being
patronized you know that's like that
expression
go get walk go bro yeah yeah yeah
exactly I mean when I saw that last Star
Wars film and you've got the lesbian
kiss like a two-second of lesbian kiss
and I and I I know what they do and I
don't care about that sort of stuff you
know by all means make a full lesbian
Star Wars film like it I don't I don't
know about that but you feel hectored
like you feel like someone's standing
over your shoulder saying you see that
that is what you're supposed to support
you're all Homer photos but that that's
good right that's what they're basically
saying they're saying you're all bad
people they're just human beings they
don't trust society and they're rabid
they're rabid about their their their
need for compliance
everyone must comply there's a crazy one
that I I'll send it to send it to a
bunch of people about them calling for
Captain Marvel to step down right okay
why because we find it for your ho
because it's it's so fucking ridiculous
they want Captain Marvel to step down
and be replaced by a gay woman of color
right yeah because I don't mean is that
how the comic book was originally the
original comic book of gay woman well so
no I I'm not a comic book fan but I know
that they see something that's
particularly affected comic books in
terms of Thor element okay we need brie
Larson to step down from her role to
prove she's an ally of social justice
and ensure a gay woman of color plays
the role let Monica the original female
and all caps black Captain Marvel
instead of whitewashing characters for
the benefit of the straight white men
running Disney first of all Disney is
run by a woman this should be clarified
up I'm almost positive
the CEO of Entertainment Disney's a
woman is that right that pretty sure
that's true
yeah they still got Walt on ice there
haven't they he's still yeah they
haven't had hey is that no but they'll
the entertainment CEO of there's someone
who runs the film division Whitney
Cummings is explaining
to me about how ridiculous it is but
isn't bring nice and whoever makes the
decision isn't brie Larson super woke
like she's got a reputation of being
incredibly woke now walk enough if
you're white but she was when he said
that she wanted to ban male journalists
from a press junkets and from maybe it
box you know I don't think either way
you I don't think you can that reminds
me of when a you know Camille Palio the
academic go back to that she tries to
ban mail right brie Larson made a speech
about how she wants she felt that there
were too many male critics assessing her
work and she wanted to actually
implement some kind of strategy to
prevent that from happening yet it was
all over the press so she's she's about
as workers against nothing I work enough
she needs to step down because if you
really woke you'll step down and show
that you're an ally for social justice
and give up those millions of dollars to
some other person but by the way well
you know tell the studio that you're
gonna do that like they're not gonna
fucking just decide oh you want us to
cast a black gay woman let's do that and
does it matter which black gay woman a
you know there's a have to be somebody
can act that gayest blackest ever
imagine fine because if you have like a
half black and kind of gay like
pansexual yeah then that that's a part
of the patriarchy right that's okay
that's a problem isn't it
it's like when Obama fucks up people
blame it on his white side you know it's
like no because he's 50% white he's 50%
problematic you can never have the kind
of purity and the example is given with
Camille paler because she's an academic
it was asked to step down by her own
students and they said you need to
report to the faculty you need to
replace her with a queer woman of color
like who why does a woman have to be
queer why if you want a woman of color
like you see this is the thing it never
ends
you can't be woken up and once it gets
too queer woman of color and they've got
one of those ago you know what you
should make room for a transgender and
what if the queer woman of color is
really bad at her job - my bad it
doesn't matter adapt you need to help
her right okay I understand the society
has fucked her over and that's why she's
not as good as Camille Paglia was so
again it gets back to one of those
fundamental premises that they don't
believe in objective truth they think
objectively this is a postmodern thing
right
believe in it's also these people that
you're talking about they haven't built
these structures that they want to tear
down right right they're not a part of
the construction of these enormous film
studios enormous entertaining
entertainment empires yeah that's you
know so they want to step in to
something that not only have they not
built but they're not capable of
building right because they're wrapped
up in this fucking wacky ideology that
doesn't allow you to be creative so how
do we get out of it like that's a good
question that's why I brought you know
well I've got ideas yeah I've got a few
ideas right because because I think I
think we're reaching a kind of tipping
point like I say like there's so many
people who were really sick of it you
know and you can't argue with a social
justice activist you can't because they
don't believe they think that any
knowledge that you think you have is
based on your background and your men
that and the power structures and right
sort of stuff right so they - in
Olympics it's exactly so none of it is
authentic enough and it really foxes
them though when they end up like talk
to a queer woman of color so who agrees
with me and then it fucks up their
entire position you know really annoys
them it's a but then yeah so you can't
argue with them
I thought maybe satire would be a good
approach that you know because if
they're not would prepare to listen to
reason you can mock them right right I
thought that would be good but they just
makes them really angry you know I've
had so much venom for mocking this this
book but of course when you mock the
priests they get angry yes that's that
that's the point yes and they don't feel
like you have any right to make fun
which is for me as a comedian one of the
most offensive things a person might say
it also makes you want to do it more
yeah it's that's what it's about
yeah we're where are them the mockery
police yeah we come in and mark when
things are fucked up but then because
they believe in the power structure is
what they're saying is you're punching
down down yeah are you punching down but
but arguably with woke people you're not
punching down you know no that's always
been my okay see how because for one
thing I think you can punch down if you
want sure you know who gets to say but I
think the the the woke people have
incredible power and they're bullies and
they're bullies they pile up together
you go after you they'll do it for days
on end and attack
Twitter and attack you and write
articles about you have experienced it
yeah but it's you know you just treat
preaching to the choir yeah you're
preaching to them and this whole idea
that you can't punch down in comedy is
the dumbest shit I've ever heard in my
life
look Sam Kinison who's one of the
greatest comics of all time one of his
best bits is about starving babies in
Africa you can't punch any lower no did
you ever see that oh I didn't
I remember Kennison talking about how
comedy attacks that was something he you
know this is style for sure I mean
everybody's comedy is different yeah
comedy does whatever it is that it's
funny whether you are Steven Wright
who's an absurdist yeah or whether
you're Sam Kinison who attacks yeah both
brilliant but Kinnison had a bit about
those commercials where you would see
Sally Fields on TV like Save the
Children yeah yeah these children
survive on just a dollar a day if you
could just send money and he goes you
sitting there eating your food you
cooked yourself and this starving kids
on TV to get all bummed out and you're
like hey why don't you feed him you're
standing right next to him and he has
this whole bit it just occurred to us we
just drove 5,000 miles with the food we
realized it wouldn't be world hunger a
few people would move where the food is
you live in a fucking desert and he has
this whole crazy bit and it's like one
of those bits that he did in 1986 and I
mean at the time there was nothing like
it yeah
you know like in this fucking rabid
former preacher genius comedian is
punching down as far as you can yeah
except you know like he's off he
obviously doesn't think it's funny
that baby stuff but this is that
literal-minded thing yeah that means
that that sort of stuff can't work
anymore yes because well it can work
actually it does work you know I see
comics do that sort of stuff all the
time but they're they're not gonna get
very far television a or all that kind
well for now yeah can if you go on
YouTube yeah there's a lot of comics
that are bypassing the well Netflix
gives you a lot of leeway but only if
you're famous
yeah you get away with a lot of shit if
you're famous like Chappelle can
basically get away with a lot of shit
you have never told never Netflix has
never told me what to do right um but I
know they do if you're
name you know I know I've had friends
that they've they've told to cut bits
out like Joey Diaz had a hilarious me to
bit about Terry Crews yeah about you
know Terry Crews who's a fucking super
athlete you know and some guy grabbed
his dick and he me to this guy for
grabbing his tags some drunken agent
yeah whatever it was you know in a joke
way grand I don't know what happened
I've no idea what happened yeah but Joey
had this hilarious bit about it and they
wouldn't let him do it right they're
like that's your you're making fun of
sexual assault victims like but I do you
think in any world that Terry Crews who
is a fucking tank of a man was actually
scared of this guy like this is come on
this is not a victim in the sense of
like a helpless person right I get the
fact that this guy was an agent maybe
had some power over his career but the
way Joey said it was a positive was
talking about all the positive
attributes of Terry Crews putting his
spin on yes and what was this for this
was for a teenagers for Netflix and they
actually stepped in and said they didn't
want the backlash didn't want to deal
with the bullshit
so wondered about that because I like
when I was watching the comedy at the
store the other day here and I just
thought it feels different here like if
there's like live comedy here people do
go for whatever times because they more
we go for it because we realized this is
the last stand right this is like the
Ghost Dance for wild comedy cuz we did I
get the impression in the UK it's not
you know the gigs I've been playing
there isn't that quality about it as you
need Ricky Gervais to be there all the
time right there's only one of him he's
so rich and and he doesn't have a boss
and he can do whatever he wants and you
know it's those it's those younger
comics right who are coming up and they
self-censor because they're worried
about what they're going to say you know
that's that's basically what it is I
mean I had an argument with a young
comic and and she said to me you know
you don't understand because I go up to
comics I have to go up to comics every
night after their set and explain to
them why they shouldn't tell these jokes
and why they that you know this was a
serious conversation I thought this
isn't for you and she was a karmic yeah
stand up yeah this was a this was a
comic in a group so I used to run this
like workshop for young young stand-ups
and I can't do it anymore because one of
them can play
this is serious right so like one of
them complain to the boss that there's a
very famous Theatre in London and one of
them complained and said that the one of
the jokes I'd tweeted as titania made
her feel unsafe and then therefore I was
told I couldn't I couldn't do this
course anymore because I developed an
unsafe environment oh you made them feel
unsafe yeah by a joke dangerous that
wasn't even mine it was to time he was a
character must have been a great joke
he's really a fucking great yeah yeah
it's so good you made someone feel
unsafe yeah they were laughing so hard
yeah they're like I could die yeah I
could die from laughter but that's that
conflation of words and violence isn't
at this idea that that is a problem and
I think what really scares me about that
is I think I believe it it's
disingenuous do you think it's it's
clearly disingenuous but it's the the
orthodoxy right like this is this is
what they're pushing somebody they're
pushing that words or violence and that
you can be violent with words so that's
interesting because I I think you're
probably right in a lot of cases you
know when they say like if they see a
certain image or something it makes them
feel like they've been physically
attacked only hear a certain phrase or
whatever and they support each other in
this nonsense but then I see some of
them by balling their eyes out crying
and shaking and I think that's an
authentic emotion right so maybe it's a
disingenuous in some cases but maybe
some people have actually and this would
scare me more that some people to
actually convince themselves that it is
a kind of form of fun I'm sure that's
true as well I'm sure that's true as
well and I think there's this is again
parallels really crazy religious people
right right yeah there's people that
will cut off fingers for you know
slights and against their religion
they'll flog themselves they'll do I
mean people do horrendous things to
themselves as punishment right so then
it comes if we are gonna go with the the
religious motif it comes about Saudi
radicalizing people from this belief
system it seems like this is a part of
being a human that there are pathways
that people go down like he like to just
to get away from that he has one of any
dictator right the horrific dictator
when someone gets into a position of
power over someone whether it's a CEO of
a company yeah before the meat to
movement it's out of control I was
trying to fuck all of his and
toys and treats people like shit
sexually harasses everybody goddamnit
that it seems like an archetype right
it's like if this this archetype seems
to almost be unavoidable with certain
types of human beings so well I think
you get that with the woke thing and
that the structure of woke Ness is just
it is just a scaffolding for this sort
of antiquated not not antiquated excuse
me um this ancient system of behavior
this religious system and it slides
right into that I don't think it's a
coincidence that most woke people a fist
s-- because this is their alternative
for radical religion I think that's
probably right there you know Tom
Holland wrote is a historian he wrote a
book recently called Dominion he makes
this case that with the absence of
Christianity in comes woken us that it
was just just follows from the other in
a kind of because they have the similar
need to Priscilla ties to convert yeah
the similar intolerance of anyone who
might not perceive the world in the way
that you do you know so it has all the
same hallmarks but also that makes me
nervous about it because it's it's not
then about persuading someone out of it
because you can't persuade someone that
God doesn't exist right it's based on
faith is based on something that's
intangible yes and and particularly when
those same people have such power in the
major institutions right you know I've
always said the work group people of are
the minority you know most people are
sick of it most people have fucked off
with it yeah but they seem to occupy all
these major roles in television in the
arts in media in journalism in the law
you know and and therefore they have
disproportionate clouds yes academia is
a big academia smack that's where the
problem started right and then you
convert children to think that way yeah
you get an impressionable 17-year old
who's a freshman and yeah college and
they find this and it resonates with
them and also they can develop social
clout by adhering to this religion the
same way a radical you know will fill in
the blank with whatever Christian
whatever whatever sect of religion you
would like to compare it to it's very
similar you yeah the more
pious you are the more adherent you are
to the dogma to this rigid ideology the
more clout you get and and worse than
that in universities because you won't
pass the course if you know you and
what's interesting is is not a kind of
underhand thing on the part of the of
the scholars who are now activists right
they are open about this yes they say
quite explicitly you know we are
activists as well as scholars which
means they're pushing a political agenda
which it will of course it didn't used
to be other a khadeem used to be about
objectivity and presenting different
ideas and and getting to the truth but
they already know the truth yes and
they're gonna they're gonna ensure that
you didn't even get on the course if you
didn't sort of basically it's a time
it's the same sort of pattern that you
see in dictators hmm there a dictator in
terms of intellectual pursuits right
there dictating to these children how
you must think and behave and they're
because of their position of power
because of their education their grasp
of the English language the fact that
they speak so eloquently and
passionately about this they're
incredibly convincing in current
charismatic a lot of them and it's it's
effective yes and that's why so many
people come from that and so
overwhelmingly left-leaning yeah hugely
exactly it's a real problem on the Left
yeah it's really weird to me that I've
suddenly most of my friends now were
rightly thing that's come out of nowhere
I wouldn't have expected that at all
well shift over the last few years and
it's the reason why Trump is in office
yeah 100% it is this is why when people
tell me you the culture wars like a
sideshow it doesn't matter I'm like it
wins and loses elections this stuff you
know like it's not a sideshow it's
really isn't like you know when what was
it the other day was a little Elizabeth
Warren saying that she's going to get a
trans stood people like a 15 year old to
veto her one of her appointees right so
the Secretary of Education some CS
something like that but it was a nine
year old I was a nine year I thought was
like fifteen year old Oh pull that up I
mean either way that's not good right
now either way it's not good it's
madness it's and most people think
that's madness and most people think
it's weird like in the UK Jeremy Corbyn
started announcing his pronoun yes let
me tell you I don't know if you know
what Jeremy Corbyn looks like no one's
confused about his pronoun
no one has ever been confused got a
fucking beard women cannot be it's what
you saying oh you know they also can
have penises and men can have their
periods yeah but jeremy corbyn's never
identified as a woman as far as i'm is
so dumb you know it doesn't fit with all
so that old-school socialist because
he's proper old-school lefty socialist
the work stuff doesn't fit well people
it doesn't work it feels weird you know
well the old-school lefty socialist is
more about compassion and spreading its
income equality its money yes all about
money you see this is it
what what this this is actually one of
the reasons why I wanted to totally go
oh here we go oh no that said this was
the round of applause that the
nine-year-old transgender child got so
the child stood up and said oh I'm a
nine yard and and and Elizabeth Warren
sort of instigated this big round of
applause that right there was something
else this week that was it was a
fifteen-year-old it was it was a someone
that she'd decided yeah shoes yes should
choose I think it was a Secretary of
Education but I might be wrong
what is it secretary it's a quote from
this yeah so it which I you know what is
it do you find the quote here we goes
out the wrong story though so oh it is a
wrong story this is the one from October
the second education in vote believes in
public education believe yeah but no she
was gonna veto she was gonna give the
transgender student veto power yeah
and help see if she see if you can find
that I mean like the one thing I
wouldn't give a fifteen-year-old transer
otherwise any kind of political no and
definitely not a nine-year-old I mean
any kid
goddamnit when you're fifteen you don't
know what the fuck is going on you only
been alive for a few months exactly you
really have no idea what's happening I
mean your frontal lobes aren't developed
are they did it at 25 yes let's raise
the voting age yes make it thirty the
world then the real problem would be war
Bill Maher talked about this story yeah
on his most recent episode of his show
yeah and so it got up in the news again
yeah there was a legitimate news story
about Elizabeth Warren talking about
that quote it says that Warren indicated
she wants Jacob to help her pick her
okay you know they just sort of repeated
it and get a headline I mean I get I get
why that advertises her you know
commitment to inclusivity and diversity
99% of people are thinking I don't care
about that why don't you talk about the
fact that I can't afford anything you
know and and that's why if you are truly
left-leaning and if you truly care about
getting a left-leaning government in
power you don't need to can make about
class again because this is one of the
reasons why I'd like to Tanya I'm
honored her to be posh and rich you know
because they're so rich these peoples
predominantly they've they've got so
much money and they said you have real
problems this is not what you
concentrate on like you're not worried
about manspreading
like it's serious like who worries about
that so like that someone on the poverty
line doesn't care about this stuff they
don't care about being represented by
the skin colour of like you know some
poor working-class mother who can't
afford anything isn't gonna care that
Hillary Clinton's in the White House
she's not gonna thing over that's okay
then I'm represented that's great well
some of them would someone like it
because it'll make them feel like a
woman can get by I get that and get
through that's the aspirational message
that it sends I think that's fine but
you're still stuck on the poverty line
with nothing you know at least like poor
black Americans didn't do very well
under Obama
this stuff is tokenism when what you
should be doing sort of directing at
inequality and it's but it's a it's a
big problem both here and in the UK you
know we we've got a left movement I mean
we saw it with brexit you know like
Brett the reason why so many
working-class people voted a bit for
BRICS and indeed voted against labour in
the last election it's because they're
not being they're not no one's looking
out for their interests right then
worried about other things like like
like you say manspreading mansplaining
like a toxic masculinity mansplain
hilarious ask was just explaining if
you're a man if you correct someone and
they're incorrect and you're a man but
what are their rounds bleeding well then
you're still mansplaining well that's
not happy we can't live like that
I can't I can't live like that I can't
um where does it go does it become a
religious war are we in a holy war for
wellness I know but I don't have to I
don't have to check the contents of
someone's underwear every time I have a
discussion with them you know I don't
like I don't want to make those
judgments on that well you need to
understand and check yourself because
the contents of someone's underwear does
not mean that that's the gender in which
they are day doesn't you piece of shit
I know I already fucked it up
that's it well I don't know I don't know
gonna cancel yourself now you should but
I've already been canceled probably I
don't know that might be a good example
that might be good a good idea maybe
titania gets canceled maybe I should
find a way to camp out yes because she
probably messes up sometimes
well once we will find out too titania
is actually a man yeah well you know
what I'll do it because I just it's
funny you mentioned the the transgender
child cuz I've just written a book as
her as aimed at children right because
of that have you seen this we've seen
this is the woke children's books right
yes I made a joke about one feminist
baby and she's got a bullhorn feminist
baby but a bit a bullhorn as a feminist
need a bullhorn
oh yeah Jesus Christ she's screaming
about issues she's a baby yeah but she
needs to be heard don't silence the
truth
look at that feminist babe I enter a
voice her voice is in a born right there
we go mee-mah if she's a feminist why is
she wearing fucking makeup when she's a
baby that's just rude
yeah that's rude because that's the
goddamn patriarchy that's socializing
young babies to be sex objects to Christ
even know what a boy or a girl is how
many of these are baby these look like
they're aimed very much at very young
kids as well like so yeah like well it's
name it's aimed at the mothers and
fathers very young kids who want to let
everybody know their work and they
probably only pull them out when people
come over the house I mean but this is
this is you scraping the surfaces so one
of the big selling books was good night
stories for rebel girls which like each
chapters about a major feminist icon
that's aimed at young kids there's one
called
see is for consent that's aimed at very
young kids there's one called the little
girl who gave zero fucks right this is
this sort of you know it's funny I look
at this stuff I think this is such
flagrant indoctrination you're not even
hiding it anymore
right if there's nothing subtle about
this you know yeah so like I thought so
I've written a book as titania and she's
trying to it's called my first little
book of intersectional activism
right because she can't get it right she
talks to kids like they're just
sociologists or something she can't get
the right which is which is fun and she
says to them you know your parents hate
you you know you should get you should
ditch them like I think that's the way
to do it well that's what every called
yeah exactly one of the things that
cults do one of the hallmarks of cults
as they try to separate you from your
parents yeah or if you get the kids
young then you can you can get their
minds eventually so maybe that's is that
the solution trying to trying to make
sure it doesn't get I don't know young
maybe I don't know if there is a
solution I think there are patterns that
always exist and religions pop up like
why Christianity why Mormonism why Islam
why you know what what causes these
patterns these ideological patterns what
causes them what causes them to take
hold what causes them to their followers
to become rabid I don't know what it is
but they exist and they exist they have
existed throughout history there's the
literally hundreds of them is it a need
for purpose is it a need to feel that
you are the one person in the tree it's
it's certainly there's instincts that we
all have to be a part of a group and to
be accepted as a part of a group and one
of the ways that you show that you're a
part of that group is by rigidly
adhering to the doctrine well here's one
way that we might legitimately tackle
this I'm gonna say something very
optimistic now if more people on the
Left can turn against woke yeah I think
this will really help I think once they
realize that it is undermining all the
things they stand for yeah right it's
getting Trump into power it's getting
it's getting the Tories into power in
the you know it's a it isn't it's
dividing us up racially in terms of our
sexual demographics it's pushing for
further segregation it it actually does
all the things that the social justice
movement claims that they don't want to
do and that they want to fight and if
more people on the Left sort of turn and
the other thing here's the other thing
they all think we live in this world
full of Nazis and fascists yeah and and
these evil crypto-fascist around every
corner right and by making that claim
you are really helping the genuine
neo-nazis out there because you're
saying look your mainstream you it's
giving them much more power and
attention than they deserve I think it's
a read I think it's a really bad idea
it's almost like you're acting as their
PR you know yeah you're almost making it
more acceptable to be an answer because
you're calling everyone or not
you're also crying wolf right so because
you're crying wolf when when someone
sees an act like Charlottesville was a
big wake-up call for a lot of people
because I call you fuck those are real
Nazis yeah
Nazis are real like there's still Nazi
Nazis like with the swastika tattoos and
everything the tiki torches those
fucking guys yeah that was a wake-up
call for a lot of folks because they
there's many people that never encounter
people like that cools because it many
of them right but I thought but they
here everybody's a Nazi they here this
is a Nazi that's a Nazi I mean it would
you know Christina Hoff Sommers
yeah gives speeches places and they pull
the fire alarm on her they call her a
Nazi she's a feminist
how was she and like even remotely I
mean it's insane but she criticizes
other feminists for being preposterous
and when she does that people decide
that she has not told the line she's not
rigidly adhering to the ideology she's
not woken after the attacker but now
she's what you would think of as maybe a
centrist feminist but that's
historically illiterate if you think
that that's fascism then you don't know
what fascism is and also it's really
offensive to people who had to live
through fascistic regimes to say that
Christina Hoff Sommers is a fucking
fashion it is but I don't think they
care what you know what the previous
definition of fascism is I I think I
think we've got to stand by that
definition we've got we've got a route
in Georgia real definition you know like
if you if you want to say that Jordan
Peterson is a fascist as some people do
even though he there isn't someone who
is more on record whose opposition to
tyranny is more on record and more
studied in it 40 years of this stuff and
it's all online
yeah should you wish to check it out but
that involves an a degree of research
and actual knowing what you taught it's
pointed out as one of the more
problematic guests that I have on really
when people point to the fact that I'm
some sort of an alt right gateway they
point to Jordan Peterson it's so
ridiculous what is this gateway
businesses well like did you see the
alternative influence network thing yes
yeah were you on that yeah I was on
you're on that sure I said to her I
tweeted to her I said hey what did I say
I said Barbara Walters interviewed
Castro does that make her a communist
right and she said and she screenshot it
and said he's favorably comparing
himself to Barbara Jesus he can't win
it doesn't make any sense that six
degrees of separation stat that have
that flowchart nonsense like it's
conspiratorial but that's that was a
mainstream publication wasn't it that
wasn't some rogue
I mean it's sure but look who the only
people that are taking it seriously are
the people that are woke I mean it's
regular people or not gonna take that
seriously they don't give us that six
degrees of separation shit is not guilt
by association is nuts oh it's crazy
especially talking to people that like
me that interview literally hundreds and
hundreds of people yeah it's crazy does
it bother you when people throw those
smears at your jus just completely
ignore it and it bothers me less every
day right interesting I've developed
this sort of antivenom to it I've
experienced it so many times I just get
rid of set but when people call me an
arts because that's like the opposite of
what I stand for a genuinely yeah but
now it's it's that thing of you see
someone be called a Nazi or a racist
even or a homophobe and you think I
don't that probably isn't right yes I
think right and that means if you do
actually ever have to use those words
like those awful people in
charlottesville where you you should
reserve that word so that we can
identify those people in our myths
because they do exist they are dangerous
but there's not many of them and but if
if the word has become so it doesn't
mean that anymore it's this thing called
concept creep you know whether we the
idea that word just spreads and spreads
to that anyone with the slightest point
of political disagreement can suddenly
be branded as neo-fascist that's the
McCarthyism right all about yeah and
fine find all the demons in your
neighborhood yeah everyone's bad
everyone's evil everyone turns on each
other I mean this is what North Korea
does with North Korea has it so
brilliant is everyone tattles on
everyone else yeah cool and they're all
running around scared and this is what
the woke people are doing every no one
can be woken off martina navratilova
yeah no and after her yeah she's a
lesbian no but she's not woke enough
because she doesn't want trans women to
compete in sports and dominate and win
World Records so she shouldn't be part
of that community anymore we've got a
rope on with the whole acronym thing the
lgbtqia+ or whatever it is at the moment
because if
it's but I love it I wanted to get
longer
what is it nice it's lesbian gay
bisexual transgender queer intersexual
asexual yeah I'm gonna plus the plus is
whatever fucker we forgotten basic
aliens they whatever whatever isn't
there yeah and who the fuck knows I mean
I I see that as for a star there's
massive internal contradictions within
that yeah like we're seeing this at the
moment with sort of lesbian
lesbians versus trans people and gay
rights versus trans rights women's
rights versus you know that's not a
coherent it's not like those people are
all the same it's a weird gang it's it's
a gang that doesn't get on with itself
right exactly also that's my name
chappelle's bit about that was really
good with the other bits or the teas in
the back and the other stuff it's it's
they don't get on with each other and
then and then if you're not
ideologically pure they'll cast you out
they'll even say you're not gay like
with Peter Thiel yeah you know when it
when he said at the Republican
convention that he was supporting the
Trump yes and and The Advocate the gay
magazine The Advocate was saying well he
may sleep with men but he's not gay
doesn't get to be gay in oh god that's
the gay press for you mean this yes the
advocate the out magazine is a really
funny article an out magazine which was
criticizing the the new it film you know
the clown the the killer clown right the
second chapter starts with a gay bashing
at the start and he eats a gay man's
heart in the opening scene of that
though Oh spoiler sorry about I was
gonna watch it and out magazine said Oh
Pennywise the clown isn't the gay Ally
we thought he was and this was an
authentic only it's a psychopathic clown
isn't a long that eats kids arms
yes sewer he was your ally I love the
gay press the gay press make me laugh so
much there's one in the UK called pink
news right and if you want to laugh at
something just look at there they did a
thing recently I'm not making this up
this was like two weeks ago the
Pakistani government have announced that
they're going to pay for people to
transition they're gonna pay for their
surgery right you know why yes they
fucking hate gay people and they're
right so they're gonna pay for it and
because they only will allow men to have
sex with men for men transitioned right
okay so this is not Pro gay stunt yeah
the pink News did a video saying yet
Pakistan said yes to trans rights this
is a really empowering thing I'm like
they they hate you that like this is
it's it's it's genuinely nuts so I
wonder whether we should just get rid of
the letters or just scrap it like
think they should keep adding more
really and to make up a bunch of
different names get it so it's so
preposterous that even woke people like
Jesus Christ was 30 letters yeah we have
letters aren't even real symbols they'll
have to get two different alphabets the
princes symbol oh yeah that could be
that can i yeah I mean look it's it's in
unknown territory right now yeah and it
really is where we're completely off the
deep end and with this incredible
ability to communicate that we have
today because of social media yeah we
can spread these ideas we can you know
um people can hop on board and other
mentally ill people can you know decide
that you are absolutely correct and we
do need to add some Z's and X's and
other shit to that thing as you say as a
joke and then one day a joke
it'll happen I think everything's a joke
but it's not a joke I mean it's it can
happen it does have I mean I the number
of times I've tweeted something to take
the piss and then it's happened a few
months later I know I'm not like it's
pretty much all the time now
oh yeah the one I often mention because
I just I still can't get over it was
when titania tweeted about Mary Poppins
you know the the mm-hmm there's a scene
in Mary Poppins but she has chimney soot
on her face yeah and so titania tweets
and this is blackface this is so racist
six months later the New York Times
published an article saying exactly that
saying Mary promise is racist because a
black face because she had sword in her
face really when you find it it's it's
um it's uh it's New York Times and it's
um Mary Poppins and nannies shameful
flirting with blackface that's the
headline of the article right why I'm
not making it up and they use the
screenshot of her with chimneys on
pretty much similar to the screenshot
I'd taken six months before right it's
not black fur it's not racist right it's
changed so much six months like things
have shifted so bizarre look at this
Mary Poppins this is a major publication
is god damned hilarious but this isn't
even like some like wrongful flirting
with blackface that's the New York Times
who wrote that who's that person who's
that I don't know who that person is but
Oh
Voldemort right let the one unit that's
what say the name oh yeah you can't say
Voldemort you just did right Jesus
Christ that is so goddamn crazy this
happens well that we had it in the UK I
don't if this story got broke over here
you know the new music musical Cats the
film of cats the Andrew Lloyd Webber
thing right yes is that no I didn't see
one of the mixed-race actors plays a
white cat and there were articles about
how they've whitewashed this black actor
but they've also turned her into a cat
it's not a you know what I mean it's not
a racist her name but you're saying yeah
you know it's like stop trying to write
this is it like if you're going to why
not just this is why I get the left on
board why not just reserve the
accusation of racism for actual races
well I think just that thinks of the
walk left the same way they think of
antifa
that they are on the fringe but they're
doing good work like they're not me I
don't think that way but at least
they're attacking those right wing
pieces of shit that I hate I say even
though they're crazy and ridiculous not
the crazy and ridiculous but they're not
coming after me okay they're coming
after people that I disagree with so
they don't find it a problem but it'd be
one thing if I mean I don't support
violence anyway but it'd be one thing of
anti-fur we're going after actual
fascists when they've just
pepper-spraying someone with a maggot
hat or or you know or going after Andy
no you know it's okay great enemies or a
pristine off summer or Christina for
summers then it's difficult to take them
serious and they're wearing masks and
hitting people would buy crisps and all
they're in craziness and you know it's
and they're the compassionate ones right
so this is this is the incoherence of
that is if you if you set yourself as
this kind of moral arbiter and you're
doing everything in virtue but you're
hitting someone with a bike lock rather
than engaging them in conversation then
what how do you even talk to that how do
you even address that you know yeah you
you really can't right though they're
what they're willing to do is they're
willing to attack people that they
disagree with they're willing to shut
down discussion they're willing to like
if someone wants to come and speak and
that person happens to be right-wing
yeah they feel completely 100 percent
justified and shutting down the speech
hitting fire alarms
telling people they don't feel safe yeah
attacking people that are trying to come
into the venue screaming at old people I
mean we've seen all the stuff that
happens yeah and Tifa this is a serious
problem that I think is gonna get worse
here very quickly right because up until
now like I've always thought you guys
are in a really great position you've
got your First Amendment you know
certain people will always be able to
say whatever they want in this country
you know but you're seeing the cracks in
that ideal very very clearly and some
people are calling for hate speech laws
so that the First Amendment isn't apply
to what they call hate speech right and
that would be the rather than just I
mean yeah you've got people setting on
fire alarms literally stopping people
from speaking right away but I think
there are people who are moving towards
legislating against certain forms of
speech well it's very important that
this be taught and that people
understand that the answer to bad speech
is good speech
yeah just no more of it always been the
answer to get to people that have
opposing ideas and have them talk and
have one person who has the better ideas
who's more articulate and understands it
and understands the consequences of
these evil ideas and lays it out so that
everybody watching can go oh yeah I see
now I learned but as soon as you stop it
you know if they say we want ben shapiro
to debate our person let's all go
together that's great yeah do that do
that that's how to do it so why would
you want if you claim to be opposed to
all these horrible ideas why would you
want those ideas to be left unchallenged
and that doesn't make sense to me right
what you what you should you should be
celebrating the idea that these people
are going to get a platform and be
debated and be and be repudiate they're
worried that that person's gonna
indoctrinate someone and they think that
they're absolutely right and that person
is absolutely wrong and this is the
argument for deep platforming people
from Twitter and YouTube and all these
different social media platforms it's
not as stupid as that then out of them
are but do you think I don't believe
that someone's gonna hear someone making
a fascist speech and they suddenly
become fascist by Osmos let me pause you
there okay
how do how does someone join the not-see
party well I mean do you mean the
historical nuts you know the ones around
today I mean who the hell knows but I
mean there's certain or honest but more
okay fine who get indoctrinated and
that's what we're doing with protecting
morons we're
nerfing the world but the fact is there
are so few of those people there are so
few people who are that stupid that's
why there aren't many neo-nazis you
think that's true it really I have more
faith in humanity I think I think most
people are pretty keyed up you know or a
smart man yeah and I understand why you
would think that but I think there are a
lot of extremely gullible but you know
many people believe the earth is flat
you're aware that I I wonder whether
those people are joking when I hear that
arguments really you had conversations
with in real life okay
well let's take okay so let's take that
point that there are an awful lot GP
people out there okay so what is I
informed guy bought was calm uninformed
and unprepared incidence of they don't
have the skills to handle any sort of
scenario argument let's say I'm wrong
and my optimism about humanity is
wrongheaded okay so that and I'm willing
to accept that right so that's I'm wrong
about that what is better what's the
best way to deal with those people is it
to say we're going to no platform all
the people are going to indoctrinate
them we get so they never get to hear
that but we live in a world with the
Internet where people can go on on their
various chat rooms and they can and
there they can go into those areas and
they can hear those ideas unchallenged
so they don't hear the opposing view
right so surely if if there are all
these swathe of gormless people out
there though that's the environment
which is going to radicalize them not
not a stage at some University where
they agree with you but they want to
deep platform people that would bring
those people over to those web sites
where they would get indoctrinated right
so they want to deep platform people off
of social media so that those people who
have these problematic ideas can't drag
someone over to Stormfront or write
whatever radical you know website or but
we know we know from the history of
censorship that it never works right
never works it always drives people
towards thrilling you know so but but
that doesn't matter people are stupid
just because you say you know it and we
do know it it doesn't mean people are
gonna think that way and operate that
way that requires restraint
it requires foresight it requires some
sort of an objective understanding of
history I don't give an example so in
the UK there was a far-right party for
the British National Party which does
technically still exist but nope you
know there's like ten people
in it and the leader that part there was
a moment where they were winning
millions of votes right because there
were a lot of people who were
disenfranchised particularly
working-class areas and they were
desperate for some kind of and the head
of that party Nick Griffin went on to
our main political discussion program is
called question time BBC one prime time
and he was humiliated and as soon as
that happened the BNP were over within a
matter of months hmm it exposed to those
normal people the ludicrous and absurd
nature of his viewpoint and that I think
is a really heartening idea that
actually if you if you hear more from
these people they are self discrediting
right but but if you if you ban them
you're almost given them a kind of
glamour a kind of martyrdom status that
they don't deserve and and and that I
think attracts a lot of people to their
worldview hmm that's there's definitely
something to be said for that yeah
there's definitely something we said I
mean like I'm not in favor of banning
these people yeah but I'm not also I'm
also not in favor of these people being
able to espouse hate speech everywhere
they go and to be able to indoctrinate
people as well so like I don't know what
the actual well do you trust well I
would put it as my view I do not trust
the state to decide what constitutes
hate speech yeah no I I don't believe
that I mean in the UK they've proven
that they're not capable of doing it
same as Canada right okay exactly
absolutely clearly so so in that case
I'm for abolishing the idea of hate
speech as a pract we have I don't know
how much you know about the UK with this
right we have a thing where the police
will investigate you for non crime if
it's offensive right on crime so there's
a website the government's website and
hate crime has a paragraph on non crime
hate incidents okay and what they
specifically say is if you've heard some
if someone said something that's
offensive to you and you believe that
the person said something because of you
you were one of the protected
characteristics because of race gender
sexuality disability whatever then you
report that to the police and it gets
logged in the hate crime statistics as a
hate crime even though there's no crime
okay I'll give you a very specific
example this is a famous case in the UK
at the moment man called Harry Miller he
was a docker from Humberside and the
police here e tweeted a poem that was
perceived to be transferred
and people were upset about the but he
didn't even write the poem he just
retweeted the poem the police
investigated his retweet and they and he
said to them have I broken the law they
said this isn't a crime this is a non
crime hate incident and the actual
phrase the police officer used I'm not
joking was we have to check you're
thinking right whoa now that's sinister
what what and then when the police were
homicide police were challenged on this
but in the media it turns out this is
standard practice in the police dude
isn't just one rogue police officer
going a bit mad this is standard
practice that the commissioning
guidelines from the College of policing
actually stipulate that this is what
you're meant to do this is now finally
been challenged in the courts but no one
stood up to this stuff you know this is
a phrase check your think check your
thinking by a police officer no less
yeah like the Polli who's qualified to
check your thinking well you should be
it's crazy it should be difficult it's
well yeah quite I mean the college of
policing who teach the police what what
what the police officer actually said is
he said well we've had a workshop and
what you don't understand is that babies
are sometimes born with a different with
a male brain when they've got a female
body I mean literally he was trying to
lecture him on this stuff and well that
might be true but that doesn't mean that
the police should be able to tell you
that you can't retweet something that
you agree with right and we have you
know we have people in our country who
have been do you know how many people
are arrested in the UK I'll just ask how
many people do you think are arrested
every year in the UK for offensive
comments they post it online what would
you guess mm-hmm just as it's not a
trick I'm just interested to know what
you would assume rested for offensive
comments online yeah I say three hundred
three thousand every year right now wow
that's not including all the many
thousands of non Cripe non crime hate
incidents that are logged on right so
three thousand people arrested and what
is it some of them will be horrible by
the way I'm being clear about some of
those comments will be horrible nasty
racist awful right a lot of them are
between like rival football gangs and
stuff like that but some of them are
jokes one guy served three months in
prison for a joke about Madeleine McCann
and it was a joke that he cut and pasted
from some website put it on his own
Facebook Perryman
in prison for that so so right what was
the joke I don't know I don't it's good
mothers laughing for three months
exactly who that everything worth it
right now he's a felon right yeah record
the famous one in the UK the moment is
the countdown killer case
yes nuts I do know that one yeah and and
because I stood explain it to people
that don't know those services there's a
guy called countdown killers real name's
Marcus Macon and he's a youtuber and he
created his dog sorry his girlfriend's
dog is his cute little pug dog right and
his girlfriend was all he's always going
on about how adorable the dog was so he
made he trained the dog to jump about
enthusiastically whenever it heard the
phrase gassed the Jews and he trained it
to do a little Nazi salute whenever it
heard Zieg Heil right now those phrases
out of that context are unpleasant you
can see why someone would be offended by
that right but the joke was that this
cute little dog is doing is behaving
this vicious in fact the joke is
predicated on the idea that there's
nothing worse than a Nazi well also the
joke is predicated on the fact that we
all know the dog has no idea what it's
doing quite exactly yeah so that's
that's what that's him doing the z-car
there so but that's butt of the dog now
QT now look I accept that people can be
effect like I you know I might be
offended by I'm offended by all sorts of
things and that's fine but no three
million people saw that video before
YouTube took it down you know and a
three million people not one complaint
no one complained the police actually
went to the Scottish Council of Jewish
communities and said do you find this
offensive and understandably they said
yes and the police are great now we can
prosecute this guy two year
investigation found guilty in a court of
law
ultimately find 800 pounds that was what
happen but he's got a criminal record
now for whatever you think about the
joke right it's it's a it is clearly
meant to be funny I mean not only that
cybercrime intelligence unit
investigated all of his tweets emails
his entire background to find any remote
connection to a fascist group or a
far-right group nothing they found
nothing so there's no evidence so
basically they prosecco we now have
someone who has been prosecuted because
the judge believes that he knows what
secretly going on what his secret
intention is and the the actual phrasing
of the law that under which he
prosecuted is that it is deemed grossly
offensive which is a very subjective
idea something that is grossly well
particularly when the fact that you have
3000 different view only three million
different views right and no complaints
no complaints right
that's that's crazy and I know the guy
because III defended him at the time and
then of course people send the I'm a
Nazi apologist cuz I you know that's
what which is utterly utterly ludicrous
but I know the gonna he's he's a nice
guy he's not at all I've seen him in yet
what you guys are talking about this I
found a story that happened last week
this is a tweet that I've kind of gone
through it to verified a little bit
unless it's a hundred percent accurate
okay this guy got a job interview and I
guess he signed up and they found this
on his on their own he said he did not
give them as information they sent him
three hundred fifty one pages of every
tweet he ever liked it had the word fuck
in it Wow he said I had to get a
background check for my job and it turns
out the report is a three hundred plus
page PDF of every single tweet I've ever
liked liked with the word fuck in it
enjoy your dystopian BS like there's a
bunch of showing it but I looked at the
company that does this hold on go back
sorry what does it say update I came
home to a package containing a printout
of all 351 pages of it obviously the
dystopia cares about wasting paper
here's like a for instance that what it
looked like and if I use this to justify
not giving him the job is that the I
don't know okay and he liked this tweet
merry Christmas to the toddler I saw
running across Trader Joe's with a giant
bottle of peppermint vodka and mom
running after him like no no no no no no
no only it's a flag type bad flag reason
alcohol yeah post type liked yeah so
they they changed what he was saying
right he's he's making a joke about a
toddler that he saw running across
Trader Joe's with a giant bottle of
peppermint vodka that it did taken from
its mom and the mom was like no no give
me that give me that giving that
so they flagged it because the there was
alcohol in it the baby had a bottle of
alcohol there's nothing offensive about
that so ever I actually don't understand
why that would be an issue
because they want you to be scared as
fuck they want to be able to control
your thinking and they don't want you to
ever do anything that could come back to
hurt the company in any way and and and
mess with their bottom line I mean that
is crazy
they even liking a tweet yeah just
writing the truth like making it crazy
like things by mistake sometimes crazy
thumbs I just say the wrong thing you
know here's another one to this day this
is still the most in all caps big dick
energy I've ever seen in a video I don't
know what that is a guy that like called
his dad when he was more about to win
once the world be a millionaire right
like celebrate that I know the answer
I'm gonna win right okay so he called
his dad tells dad that he's gonna win
because he knew who's gonna win now look
at this flag reason language bigotry
sexism
what's the bigotry in the sexism there I
don't understand it I don't see any
bigotry Oh
bigotry and protects sexism that he's a
man and he's showing big dick energy
because he's big dick energy is an
expression and it's an expression for
someone who is super confident and the
idea that you you say well it must have
a big dick that's the joke sexist no
it's a joke it's an internet meme big
dick energy is an internet meme and that
this is flag type bad language bigotry
sexist right here's the best part
post type liked he just liked it like
you saw I was like hah because it is a
big dick energy move but to find you
down call your dad and say I'm about to
win a million dad surprise big dick
energy yes no it's not a phrase that we
commonly use it's in the UK we're too
refined for that okay that's vulgar yeah
is vulgar but it's a new American thing
over the last wave four years or so like
two maybe two years it's having a big
dick sexist then is that the I guess
that's what they're saying and it's
bigotries the hilarious part I'm well
scour that motherfucker forever and try
to find some bigotry there you know a
gentleman's name if you want to read
this folks you want to read along with
his internet name is km l flat-4 kfr and
say km LEF ra NC on Twitter Bruce Bruce
Almighty hilarious so he's a funny guy
bye
the way they don't know what bigotry
means I'm really sick of this word being
thrown around right it's a real problem
right there I mean he should be able to
sue for that one because there's nothing
bigotry about that a big bigotry is the
dictionary definition of bigotry is an
intolerance to those with different
opinions yes and and more often than not
sorry that I didn't mean to patronize
you but it's just that whenever I hear
the word being used it's always by
bigots who can't tolerate your opinion
so you're a bigot
you you don't agree with everything I
say and therefore you're a bigger that
make you just undermined your whole fuck
that's gross but liking tweets I mean
it's but it's bad enough that people
sort of troll through everything you
have a road biking but liking them and
what's crazy about that is this is a
company that's doing this so there's a
company that they hired that's willing
to do this and the company labeled it
bigotry so is the company woke is this
the company fam'ly the smartest way to
screen toxic workplace behavior no
they'll be they'll fam'ly is a talent
screening software okay so it's software
that's part of the problem to help
identify problematic behavior among
potential hires and current employees by
analyzing publicly available online
information out boy would I have a hard
time getting a job I just looked up said
that another company used this company
to get that information so I background
check yeah a company 3 P company and
saying like that's really sinister well
it seems like it's just software it's
just like yeah this is a talent
screening software so it's basically
they just scan you to make sure that you
pass their purity test which no one will
knowing with any sense of humor I mean
if that guy the big dick energy guy that
gets you flagged you're a bad person
because you thought that that guy who
knew he's gonna win a million dollar so
he called his dad I mean that's that's
funny is that anyone I like there is no
way that there's anyone on the planet
who couldn't become sort of you had
unlimited access to their private no way
texts yes wait and I but that's part of
why people want to cancel people because
they know it could come back at them and
there's a certain thrill like one of the
things you find about people like here's
one right whenever you see a homophobic
preacher almost guarantee that guy's gay
oh yeah almost guarantee you know these
sinners and there
homosexuality getting together and layin
with man and you could see the boner
just developing in their pants it's
that's what these people I love that and
then they always get they always get
caught with a rent boy doing crystal
meth or something like that people who
just have just alpha
even if you if you're adhering to this
woke ideology and you're part of the
cult if you just have a few fucked up
sketchy things in their past you know
that they could get you and so let's
just stay on the offensive stay on the
offensive but then the same with my
elephant anyone who identifies as male
feminist a nerd person and the number
times like you know they're a wandering
hound predator it's like anybody who
identifies as a male feminist should be
flagged yes they should flag them and
then just go through their stuff like
what why so you see it strategic you see
I've got a hundred percent I know guys
who are creepers who identifies male
feminists so that they could get women
to think that they're whoa and they're a
part of the good squad right good guys
it's just it's a transparent ploy by
sneaky men to try to fuck that's all it
is it's the most obvious it's like the
dumbest magic trick ever like you could
see them stuff the handkerchief their
sleeve it's so stupid
but you and I feminists used to just
mean someone who believes in equality of
the sexes which is pretty much everyone
right so it's but it's a problem in in
the word right bird has feminine in it
you should be an egalitarian you can be
an overall open-minded person who
believes in the individual and you don't
want to separate anyone yeah whether
it's by race or gender or sexual
orientation or anything yeah into any
groups you love people and you want
everyone to have equal opportunity you
want everybody have equal treat so you
would get rid of the what feminists do
you think no I don't know I would never
get rid of it because I think it's
empower empowering for some people that
have grown up in suppressive
environments and to be able to establish
yourself as someone who's resisting
something that you've fought against
I'll give you if you grew up in a
horrible environment like maybe your dad
beat your mom and you were told you're a
piece of shit because you're a woman and
then you finally get in with this group
that tells you no as a feminist you
you're you're empowered you're you're a
powerful woman and yeah I don't want to
get rid of any labels but I would I
would be on board with that Tony if I
thought that modern-day feminism has
anything to do with empowerment but I
don't think it is I
I think it's do with women a weak women
are victims women need special
protection I think it's the opposite of
empowerment in a lot of feminist views
in a lot of feminist views well I try
not to generalize in but my issues with
men they call themselves feminists okay
okay you know I just don't buy it I'd
have never met one everyone I've met as
a creeper if either a creeper or the
most ultimate beta male well most women
don't even identify as feminists they
most women don't know mmm that I have
met there yes so they're so obviously
compromised right okay and you know or
it's men that I have these really
powerful women like it's theirs that's a
lot of it it's like men who have this
like really powerful girlfriend yeah and
you know they're kind of weak yeah
there's a lot of that you know I always
I have a joke show me a man who claims
to be a feminist who can pick up heavy
shit and run fast
they don't exist right okay I'll try and
prove you wrong on that well it's
probably a guy who really likes to fuck
yeah it's like he can fuck in a regular
way but he's just like he's trying to
like cover all the bases so you know
what I'm gonna be a fucking feminist too
bro get them all so it does make sense
to me but again I try not to imagine
what's going on in people's heads and
them but you're right so many of them do
it just happens all the time so many of
them let you say with the gay preaches
it's just so you preachers classic why
would you why would you care why you so
angry about gay people why do you care
also some of them of really camp and
effeminate yeah and he's just saying
okay I know it's clearly I had a bit
about it that there's only two types of
people that hate gay marriage either
you're dumb or you're secretly worried
that dicks are delicious right exactly
and that's what you get from those
people you get this weird thing where
you're you're trying to throw people off
the trail yeah the people like huh
it's like if you show up at a you know
and hit run car accident you're like wow
who did this yeah this is crazy I would
never do this I can't even believe
someone would do this I mean I'll tell
you what I would never do it if you're
looking for people it wouldn't be very
it's like the criminal joining the
vigilante gasps it's it's it's it's an
old trick absolutely well cops always
say that when someone's an arsonist
they're almost always at the scene of
the crime yeah they always show up to
watch their handiwork well I'm gonna
think about this more than cause I mean
you're you're sort of putting into my
mind now this idea that there's a lot of
the work people are doing it in order to
cover their own tracks and well they're
like a self preservation kinda there's
you know definitely that but I think
it's also they don't want any of that
smoke they don't want any of it coming
they see how vicious it is horrible it
is like yes late I'm friends with a guy
who used to be woken now it's not his
name is Jaime kill Steen and I still got
to fucking call out man they went after
him
that'll do it oh my god and in in a
small way you know in comparison of the
way some people have gotten it yeah but
he recognized like how crazy it is he
also recognized that his own patterns
were so problematic like he was tweeting
mean things to people and call him a
sexist pig and a piece of shit in
homophobic and he was doing it to get
that love and they would check his
Twitter like obsessively oh yeah yeah
couldn't even he was walking down the
street he kept pulling his phone out of
his pocket see how people are responding
to his tweet yeah and it becomes an
addiction and this is crazy how it does
people have that thing where they feel
the vibration in their pocket and there
is no vibration it's like it's like they
aren't even vibrating it's like there's
a term for this so it's like I took all
of my social media apps and this was
hugely beneficial and I put them all on
the back page of my phone and I put them
in a folder that says addict right to
remind yourself you have your sin so if
I want to fuck around I want to go on
Twitter or Facebook or Instagram I don't
really go on Facebook but if I want to
go on one of those I have to go into the
attic folder yeah and remind yourself
yeah so I don't go in that I mean I'm
getting better at it that's great it
does bring out the worst in people and
it brings out the worst in me like I
find the same thing as well one we're
layman beings you know and you can't it
I I wanted the extent to which social
media has sort of escalated everything
in the real world as well you know
because because people we haven't got a
dolt discussing stuff anymore we've got
children throwing mud you know that's
what's basically happening well you and
I are discussing things it's just it's
harder to find someone who could just
sit down and talk to you but there's a
bunch of people that are waking up to it
yeah there's a lot of people that are
getting flip phones too yeah there's a
lot of people that are realizing like
this is a this is a bad addiction yeah
no no I can see doc it's no I've
considered getting a flip phone or maybe
a phone with no apps on it at all you
know that's not a bad idea - well I
deleted Twitter for a week and then I
got so much work done yeah I was so
productive it was really great but it's
just I get trapped in those cycles of
stupid conversations where someone's
arguing with
figment of their imagination they've
decided that you believe something that
you just don't believe and they're
telling you what you believe and you're
well you have the luxury of a character
as well yeah but I used to before I was
outed when did you get out it that was
when the book came that was March last
year and I was gutted I didn't do it
right
how did you it was the Sunday Times in
in London oh oh you know what so the
journalist had done this really
interesting investigative journalism
stuff like a Rosamund Irwin her name was
and she'd um she'd read loads of my
political articles cuz I write these
articles for spike magazine and she'd
read the advance copy of the book and
she'd seen that some of the quotations
match up and then she emailed me saying
I think you're titania McGrath can you
can you confirm or deny this and I
fudged it you know I'm a mile back I
didn't lie but I sort of fudged she
phoned friends of mine to ask whether it
was me she and I hadn't told any rat you
out and told him in fact what was great
some of my friends were following
titania and I didn't know it's me what
was a bit bad was a couple of times when
I slag come off as her as a joke and
they didn't know as me anyway I loved
being in the closet you know and all of
you thought about creating a new
character I've got a couple of hope I
can build them up but like there was a
real it was like I loved like just being
a character and then the thing is
because the outing happened the week of
the book they look deliberate it looked
like I'd sort of cynically trying to
cool down it well it was a big publicity
thing right but help book sales yeah I
know but I didn't I still didn't want it
because now you know what the big
difference is now is that everyone who
hates her and by the way like the social
justice activist their venom for this
character is off the fucking scale they
you know I don't expect them to find it
funny I get that then I'm not going to
find it funny right but the anger is is
just unbelievable so now it goes to me
right so now whenever she tweets
something that they find offensive they
they go for me on do they call you by
name
yeah or they reply with my name you know
and that I get screenshot sent back can
be saying this is homophobic or whatever
and I'm like none of it is none of it is
I is never minorities with her the
target is her there's you know the the
the goal posts have been moved so far
away from
reality yeah that there's no logic to
any of it no you know someone called me
homophobic because I said I had an old
tweet this from 2012 right yeah they dug
up a bunch of tweets about me this week
okay any one of them from 2012 said call
me romantic but I love it when I see gay
couples that are so comfortable that
they can kiss in public I saw this yes
because then someone said that you were
fetishizing gay people by come on that's
hilarious
that was a that was a legitimate tweet I
was probably high I saw because that's
when I feel like warm and fuzzy and I
saw a gay couple make out I think that
was what it was amused eight fucking
years ago it's hard to remember but
that's quite sweet so you may as well
over in fucking fags Peggy may as well
wait as well like but I was legitimately
you know you know it's it's weird man
it's weird the whole thing is very weird
but they could just call you homophobic
for that it's just so well that's the
other thing we could do is like is well
I hate using the phrase call out but how
about we start calling out people who
misuse those words right yeah maybe if
you're homophobic you hate gay people
yeah not you don't you like you you
think it's nice that they can kiss
openly in public it's so it says there's
no logic to it but that's a thing it's
like you're arguing with someone who's
there the very it's like the idea that
if you leave Islam if you you could be
killed right right this is what happens
to accommodate yeah right yeah that is
crazy
yeah right the if you leave you it's so
terrifying that someone could kill you
but that is the same kind of religious
thinking religious crazed ideology
adherence to the dogma yeah no matter
what that would allow someone to think
that I could be homophobic by saying
that I think it's great when gay guys
are so comfortable they kiss in public
it's because they know you are in your
mind they do this incredible
mind-reading that's what it's all about
they're all psychos did you know that
they're always like they don't care
about rial they don't get out that's
true
yeah there's no need for reality in
their world if they've decided that
you're a bigot then they can use
anything and everything against you
including pro-gay tweets at sprout yeah
you can they can use it exactly
they think
I can use a pro-gay tweet to prove that
you're homophobic it's amazing but it's
kind of good because it's so crazy that
logical left-leaning people read that
and they go what the fuck they do and
they go come on man and you know it's
been positive for me yeah in a lot of
ways that they're so over the top that
you know like about gay friends go did I
know you're homophobic I'm like I don't
know either I mean oh I know but they
know you know maybe this is why they
always turn most severely on people from
the left who question this stuff they
really do cuz they expect it from the
right I think - yeah especially if you
look like you should be on the right and
you're on the left which I definitely do
right you know it's like there's you
mean you could try to figure it out but
I think it all boils down to adherence
adherence strict adherence and
compliance to the dogma and if you don't
if you're not willing to comply 100%
with the ideology they'll attack you
said you just like Martina Navratilova
but that's why I think left and right is
no longer helpful I know I think I think
it's about that's why there are all
these weird alliances going on there I
mean I did this event recently with
Peter Bogosian who I know you've spoken
and James Lindsay and we were given
these talks at this event in London and
we were sitting there at lunch and there
was like the head of the Atheist Society
sit next to this evangelical Christian
pastor from America and there was like
there were people of no faith in all
faiths and left and right and it's like
but we all believe in Liberty like
ultimately we all care about freedom and
individual freedom and that's that
that's the new fault line it's not left
against right it's people who believe in
in Liberty for the individual or people
who want more authority to control you
and that's that's the real conflict well
if the right really wanted to bring more
people over what they would do is
establish like universally across the
board an appreciation for gay people
appreciation for gay marriage and
appreciation for the need to take
impoverished communities and bring them
up yeah an appreciation for welfare an
appreciation for you know raising the
minimum wage yeah if they just started a
few things like that good lord the
amount of people that would jump off
that fucking ship that sinking ship of
liberal ideas yeah because it's just
it's infested with rats it's infested
with rats that are
a hole in the very hull of the ship that
happened in the UK was the Conservative
government that pushed through gay
marriage because actually because
actually it's quite conservative but yes
you know dead government out of your
life yeah yeah seven it should be well
maybe that's what they maybe that's what
they need to do but I think what
definitely if you if you support the
left you need to try and dissuade the
Democrats and the and the Labour Party
from going woke because they alienate
all of their major do and they don't
even realize they're doing it but the
problem is in this country there's no
room for a third party right who don't
appreciate it or believe in it now you
guys have you don't have the option
daily maybe they kind of do like Gary
Johnson ran last year and some people
voted for him but what's really happened
in this country previously historically
is that when someone charismatic came
along that's an independent they really
just take votes away from the Democrats
yes vote right yeah the Republicans are
pretty rigid well actually here's a
example against that though is Ross
Perot he actually took votes away from
the Republican and that's why Bill
Clinton got in office right Bill Clinton
actually won when Herbert Walker Bush
was in his first term so he only did one
term and then Bill Clinton won and when
Herbert Walker Bush was going for
re-election and the reason why run but
he won rather is cuz Ross Perot who is
this eccentric billionaire do you
remember him no I know I'm sorry I
remember prosper yeah yeah he was an
eccentric billionaire independently yes
independent and he got on TV and bought
an entire half hour of primetime
television right to show people how
they're getting fucked by the Federal
Reserve and taxes and he was explaining
I had a pad here take it on look over
there see what I'm gonna do they take it
here and I get it and he was doing all
this shit here but it's like what the
fuck and I remember everybody was all in
the wall I voted for him I'm pretty sure
yeah it's hard to remember you worried
about playing the boat or than that
we've been 21 but he I'm alright I think
I mean there isn't that much between the
Democrats in the paraffins is it and
there's you don't have a real sort of
left-wing right-wing option that they've
pretty similar on a lot depends on who
you're talking to you know if you if
there's there's a giant difference
between Ted Cruz and Bernie sander right
there's a giant difference there's some
a lot of it is people are concerned with
abortion rights
a giant one and people are concerned
with a Republican putting someone in the
Supreme Court that is going to limit a
woman's right to choose such social
issues that's really nice those are big
ones and those are also big ones those
pro-life people they you know they will
not vote for someone who's not pro-life
and so if you get to a position where
you're our Republican you pretty much
have to be pro-life right if you want
want the group that is a sticking point
yeah because they they you know and this
is there's no judgement here but this is
their their position is that you're
killing a baby yeah right and they're
like I don't give a fuck about anything
else you can't kill a goddamn baby right
and so they're like okay okay okay and
so many Republicans that maybe even have
had abortions and I'll be open about
that they have to hide it this is why I
think someone like Sanders is is a
genuine left-wing option and why someone
like Elizabeth Warren or someone who's
pushing the woke thing it will never be
that would be like electoral hemlock I
think it will just absolutely not work
but see is they don't see that how do
you not see it because they're full of
shit but how do they not see it happen
like Hillary Clinton was targeting all
the various demographics and she said
she was splitting the elektra up and
south and it didn't work well how can
they not see that this never would have
you ever known someone who's just a real
liar like a pathological liar yeah up a
pass they make up things they don't know
that other people can't tell or that
other people can tell rather that
they're not normal they're not they're
not acting normal I don't seem genuine
okay there's certain there's certain
aspects of people that it's hard to tell
but there's some people just don't seem
genuine and political people in
particular like when people are running
for political office that's when that
shit really stands out yeah it's over
and over and over again you see them
doing these speeches and over and over
and over again you see them talking
about things and some people can sense
it and some people can't but they can't
tell when you're a liar you can't tell
other people see you right because
you're lying like I know a guy I'm gonna
be nice here no name names no never
he's gay as fuck but he doesn't think
everybody knows it he's some point right
he's gay everyone that I know knows he's
gay and this we all wish
you know but he's got a family he's got
like a wife and kids and we're all
speculating like how does this guy get
his rocks off yeah crazy but it's just
one of those things like the the man is
a homosexual I'm pretty sure I mean if I
had a bad I'm fucking pushing all my
chips right okay right and because of
that he acts and this really strange
because he's living this kind of live a
life he acts in a strange way and I
don't think he realizes that people know
and you think a lot of these people go
into politics a lot of these thoughts
that kind of sociopathic oh yeah there's
mad there's something about them and so
they have this fake earnestness to them
right and that fake earnestness will
work it will work if you're talking to
10,000 people if you're talking to
10,000 people about the way we can come
together as a country and we can take
America back yeah there's no connection
I always put that down to them having to
follow a party line or their slogan
izing you know they're throwing slow
yeah there's also that I can't this is
why I'd never be a politician I couldn't
I couldn't bear not to just say what I
think you can't be a politician know for
sure but think when someone's trying to
be woke what they're doing is they're
just has nothing to do with being
genuine
if someone's a woke politician unless
that's who they really are
Oh see I think and Rasheeda to leave me
I think they mean what they say
well she is also you know she's named 30
29 year-old right
she's idealistic and she's got these
thoughts of the future and and she's you
know democratic socialist there was an
article in spectator this week about
this is like that that there aren't
really woke people they're just sort of
that they're just sort of acting this
out I wish that were true but I don't
think it is I don't think it was and I
think Trump's being very smart whenever
he whenever he sort of brings people
like Ellen OMA into the limelight
focuses on AOC and focus on though
because it it means that you start
thinking Democrat is woke yes you know
it sends that sort of message ice and we
know it just never it never works right
that's why I despair with the labor part
in the way the Labor Party went like
it's just you know I I want to see a
proper opposition I'm gonna see a proper
left wing part that cares about class
issues that cares about money that cares
about the poverty line
social mobility you know not you know
whether you're and whatever yeah
microaggressions or whatever
you know compassion for people that are
trying to get by in this life not social
justice issues yeah not nonsense yeah
exactly and that's the way most people
feel that you know that really is but I
think it's also we this is a symptom of
a very simple not not simple excuse me a
society where it's pretty easy to get by
yeah there's it's not we're not dealing
with World War two
right okay it would be impossible to be
woke if we're being invaded by the knots
of course these would not be priorities
right but no exactly but it would never
take hold it takes hold in this
incredibly safe environment if you need
pain kurz work which shows the
progression of society becoming safer
and safer do you know the resistance
that he gets to these ideas yeah where
people call them some sort of a piece of
shit and enabler and horrible things
they say to him for just talking about
science and statistics and showing the
trends yeah that we live in probably one
of the greatest times to be alive ever
yeah but that's also why people are
finding things to complain about finding
things that are issues finding things to
rally for finding things these main
causes I think the way that people speak
at the moment is that the UK and the
u.s. at the moment the most bigoted
racist homophobic societies they've ever
been and then they're the opposite of
that they're the most tolerant they've
ever been and what's weird about that is
the statistics by bear it out yes so all
of that all of the studies show that the
UK Great Britain is the most tolerant
major European country even the EU zone
research into this shows that the
tolerance towards immigration for
instance in the UK has become so much
more improved since the brexit fro so we
are up there you know we're and yet and
for some reason as things get better and
better and better and society gets more
progressive and more tolerant claims of
bigotry and racism get more and more
escalated and they and that's oh that's
that is I think something we could
challenge like firstly let's get the
left to be left again and and fuck all
the woke nonsense but also remind people
that they're not oppressed when they say
they are like if someone claims to be
oppressed that's a very specific extreme
thing right it's not just well I sense
there's some unconscious bias in the
world or or maybe that actor should have
been a different color or like
oppression is something very different
someone's asking you for your papers
when you're turning every corner
someone's not letting right you
a proper approach approach is what
dictators do is what tyrants do it's
what they do in North Korea where you
fuck up though they'll arrest your whole
family and put your whole family in
prison ironically leaning towards woke
nurse actually starts to create a
pression like you see that guy who got
his fucking Twitter check yeah yeah for
liking funny me and so how is it the
case that those sort of tactics I'm not
saying that they that that's an
authoritarian company but those tactics
are straight from the authority of a
person all right sir so it how is it
that they can't see the hypocrisy of
that that they can't see that what this
is where this is leading I think they
probably had no idea it was gonna be
that extreme when they first implemented
it and they just wanted to keep
problematic people out of their office
right if you're a person who is like say
if you're hiring someone and you find
out you know a few weeks after they're
on the job that they have you know some
really horrific posts on Twitter yeah
and people have found that before I
remember there was a story there was a
man who got outed and he had a reddit
account
yes reddit account was horrific okay but
this is your talk about genuine so
that's the kind of neo-nazi horrible oh
no it was neo-nazi I think it was like
pedophilia okay talking about petrich it
was a lot of it was joking around and
stuff but he was just responsible for
awful shit and so the internet people
like fuck this guy let's find out what
the fuck he is so they found out who he
is and then they let his boss know and
they sent copies of all the shit that he
had written on Reddit and he got fired
for it right that's but that's different
but but these sorts of initiatives that
are set up you can't trust them to make
those important distinctions between
something that is very serious right and
something that could obviously end up
with all sorts of issues you're an
employer the last thing you want is one
of those guys slipping through your
radar where you don't know that this
guy's working that's true okay but I
still get really uncomfortable the idea
of trolling through everyone's in
history I do as well a lot of these
people that are saying these things they
do it for sport yeah they don't really
mean that you know they're not really
Nazis like there's a lot of people that
do that Pepe the Frog meme yes anything
they do it because it makes other people
feel uncomfortable so they think it's
funny so I he feels bad man
he's a Nazi I only realized this
properly when I did meet that countdown
killer guy because he showed me the
discord server you know the chat room
they all go into and it was I was like
oh I can't deal with this stuff like
some of the stuff that was in there as I
can't but what I could clearly see is
it's like big kids it's like big
teenagers they're just one-upmanship
they're just trying to outgrow each
other right and so it's like you know
the khaki stand flag yes
so the khaki stand flag which isn't a
satire of of identity politician of
identitarian you know and then they
modeled it on the Nazi flag to take the
piss yeah right but of course if you
don't know that world and you're not
from that one you see that flag you
think oh my god that's a Nazi flag yes
they're just copying it yes and so if
you don't know if you don't immerse
yourself in that world like I'm from
Anaheim announced from outsider's
perspective it took someone to show me
for me to sort of get it Jordan had to
show it to me oh did he
Jordan had explained the whole thing to
me and you know and Jordan has taken so
much heat because he posed for a
photograph with these guys that had him
hold up the flag of the khaki Stan and
he thought it was funny because he
thinks that these sort of these memes
yeah that it's it's he's he's interested
in the fact that people interpret them
so severely yes and so extreme or they
jump to the worst possibility yes they
assume the worst of everyone well it's
because of the small percentage well are
actually not see frog that's what I was
going to say that the counter-argument
to that is well couldn't genuine fascist
use this as cover that's the that's the
counter-argument that people use so one
thing that dangler told me is that what
happens is they'll spot these new action
neo-nazis coming into the server and
they'll get you know they'll deal with
them you know they sort them out
themselves they've got him way of sort
of discerning it and then that's the
typical argument yeah that humor and
well that's a great way also if you
wanted to break up a group you
infiltrate and act like a Nazi right
that kekaa stand flag and then all
sudden everyone's a Nazi is associated
with that frog yeah I mean that is a
that's a classic government move I think
it's I think it's incumbent on people to
try and understand the culture that
they're criticizing you know yes like my
friend Steven Knight who does he's an
interviewer and he went and interviewed
a bunch of people on a March with the
khaki Stan flag and was asking them
about their views and whether they're
racing
when he spoke to them it's quite clear
that they just don't that they're part
of this internet culture and they think
it's funny and they think it's trolling
and all of that sort of stuff and yes
and once you realize that if you have a
generous interpretation of that then
then you understand that this isn't this
isn't this horrible right but but but
people use this as evidence you have
this rising fascism they use they use
people joking about fascism as evidence
of the rise in fascism those two things
just don't and why would you why would
you want to live in a world where there
are fascists every why would you want to
believe that I don't understand that
like the people who proclaim to be
anti-racist I've never seen anyone more
excited to find racism there that they
love racism they can't wait to find it
under every stone in every corner well
that's how they justify their actions
right
so it just exact I think gives them
purpose gives them something to do well
it's also like we were talking about
with world people that they can't you
can't be woken up because once they
found all the other people that aren't
following the doctor and then they turn
on each other they will absolutely yeah
well III god no one's gone through my
tweets yeah and no as far as I'm aware
I'm fucking putting this out there now
but no-one's done that to me yeah and so
and I'm like what did I say now I'm good
acting myself is there jokes there must
be of course I mean I've been on Twitter
since 2007 I've said so much stupid shit
and I used to use it differently to I
used to use Twitter like I would post
things that I thought people would react
to a silly way and I would just retweet
things and not even say anything like
what let's see how have you know people
freak out about should get someone to go
back over it really yeah that's the best
attitude yeah
good luck exactly go waste your life
going through my tweets some people I
know they do this thing where they they
self destruct the tweets after seven
days you know so that oh really
yeah they do that I did that with
titania for a bit when in the early days
she was getting mass reported and I
thought like she kept getting banned
like she'd had can you talk about her
like she's a real person I do that's how
I know I bit the role because I have to
think of her as something other do you
think that when you do that when you
inhabit her do you think that you
understand and appreciate the way these
people think and do you think that it's
attractive and in some way yeah like I
know about it because I used to study
this stuff hmmm so I used to I used to
teach
and I used to I did a thesis which was
about post structuralism and pass about
post monitors and a lot about Foucault
and all the origins of this stuff so I'm
familiar with it and I'm familiar with
the language and I'm afeeling minute
familiar with the ideas and of course
all of my friends I've always been on
the left so I know this I know what this
is all about and it's fun to try it to
think in the way that they think and and
because that's how I come up with the
jokes is I think is what's the most
extreme way I could take this this
obvious thought how can i push it as far
as using their mindset not my mindset
right and that's it's it's kind of a fun
thing to do it's kind of interesting I
would imagine to be very fun I find
people that believe what they believe
very strongly to be extremely attractive
yeah and attractive I don't mean like
I'm sexually attracted them I mean
attractive like mmm like this is weak
like I watch a lot of fundamentalist
religious videos yeah because I really
get fascinated by people that are all in
I totally agree I love watching those
Westboro Baptist Church music videos
they're hilarious they're really funny
they're like it's I watch that I think
God you you believe this I mean like
this is this is crazy to an extreme
extent but they again they're sincere
and they are sincere but I like it with
all religions I've watched it with
multiple different religions with yet
Islam and Christianity and Mormonism
I've watched a lot of videos where
people really really really believe and
then the other people really believe
tuned there's something attractive about
that and I think it's and I better watch
it to try to understand it right because
yeah my parents are my stepdad and my
mom basically atheists I was raised by
atheists and before that I was Catholic
so I was Catholic tells like first grade
and then from then on you know when my
mom married my stepdad was all no there
was no religion in the household right
and out so I've always been kind of
fascinated by people that have this
intense belief in something yeah and
particularly something that's really not
logical like if you laid the tenants out
like we make a Mac okay and turn
daughter into one I mean I come from a
Catholic family as well you know and I
think my mother was a postulant nun so
it's a very well yeah Irish just felt so
heavy pretty heavy yeah
yeah I recently steal pictures of her in
the habit you know it's a scary thing to
see
but yeah I mean the belief that you have
the faith that you have is irrational by
its own definition but that's not a
threat if you have if you have that
genuine part that part of the joy of
faith I think is that you were believing
it in spite of in spite of rational
thought right yeah the joy of believing
in something that you and I think
there's something about that where you
like the fact that other people also
aren't questioning it right like when
you see people at church one of the
things they like I believe this is that
they like the fact that you're not
questioning either good Lords gonna look
after us am yes yeah is Tom and they
they like this sort of simple really in
the box kind of thinking from you
because if I know that you think like
that I can kind of predict how you're
going to at least behave most of the
time and don't we all have a it's much
more fun isn't it to read someone who
agrees with you and someone who's
challenging you because because
challenging I think takes its effort
right now it's exhausting so I but I
think what you've identified there
applies to all ideologies whether it's
political or religious you know I think
no it's this with with ideologues is
that when I talk to someone who say
someone says something really woke say
someone says like I think the movie
Dunkirk should have had more people of
color which was a common criticism at
the time once they've said something
that's that woke I'd know every other
opinion they have on everything else
they never surprised me because because
they've got a series of things that they
believe and that's the same with the
religious person someone says I'm a
Catholic well I know where you believe
about substantiation or whatever you
know and that means that you're not
thinking for yourself in yeah they have
this predetermined pattern of behavior
yeah which is why ideology scares me
full stop which is why I don't mind
saying conservatives are right about
some things left wingers are right about
other things and and and having the
discussion and accepting that I'm
probably wrong about an awful lot of
stuff as well like that to me is is
better than saying I know all the
answers as like a Marxist wood or a woke
person wood or a Catholic wood or
whatever what we need to do is create an
ideology of open-mindedness but that
wouldn't be an ideology right of course
we wouldn't think but they always
we'll say that so the anti walk thing
they say is an ideology in of itself
mm-hmm to be open that's like saying
that a theism is a religion it's not
it's not the same thing well some
atheists do act like religious people
though weird
well they absolutely know for sure that
nothing happens to you when you die and
you don't know that but the burden of
proof is on those who claim that it does
surely like well yes if you want to say
that you know for sure that you go to
heaven and you ride around the clouds
and Peter's there with a book and
there's a harp and gods there and yes
yeah the burden of proof is on you yeah
but if you want to say that absolutely
nothing happens to you when you die
you're sure I say okay have you died
yeah you've never died so how do you
know right you don't okay you gotta say
you don't know because if you soon as
you say you know something that I know
you can't know then I know you're
bullshitting and you might be
bullshitting about something that is
logical like atheism right it's logical
that there probably is in a guy in the
clouds of the harp because it doesn't
seem to make much sense but you don't
know what the fuck happens when you die
that is a fair point and and Richard
Dawkins address that point in his book
The God Delusion because he says he is
actually a de facto atheist insofar as
he there's a room for agnosticism
they're like nah no point naught naught
1 % he will acknowledge the possibility
that there might be an afterlife was
also never done psychedelic drugs and I
talked to him about that has he not no I
didn't he's worried about it and I'm
like come on bro you're dying you know
like he's worried about the impact of it
well he's worried about the effect on
his body and why okay I'm like people
listen just take a small dose of
mushrooms and I guarantee you'll have a
very different perspective on reality
itself you'll have visions and you might
be lowered into the into the religious
well yeah I don't think it'll lure you
into religion unless you live in
thousands of years ago before science
but it would give you the idea that
there is perhaps something available
there's levels of consciousness there's
things available to regular human beings
that take in these molecules right and
that people have been doing this and
this has been the source of religious
experiences for thousands and thousands
of years yeah books written about it I'm
sure you know I mean I could say to
myself quite spiritual person I'm you
know I think that's
that's fine I think there's a tainted
word though why what's wrong with that
because people spiritual is like like
whenever people say you know that
they're I'm spiritual like that's one of
those words that like makes me think
you're into crystals and no I'm not into
Krita no I don't mean I don't mean but
in America spiritual is like it's it's
sort of tainted by yoga people how I say
yeah yeah we can and they say namaste
okay you know I don't mean that is wrong
with that either I know it's it's people
that they go with that I mean I mean
that there's something numinous about
humanity and about life and about
existence and I mean that there's
something wondrous about it and there's
something that is it is beyond the mere
animal oh greed yeah that's all that's
all I mean by that yeah I think so too
and you know and that's I'm deeply
deeply distrustful of people that are
cruel yeah me too
yeah absolutely was one of the reasons I
don't like the wou clock because I I
think pretty much everything I do is
driven by a hatred of bullying
yeah I hate bullying I hated it when I
was a kid I hated it when I was one
right everybody you know I know I didn't
hate when I was one but I hated it
subsequently when I got bullied but you
know that thing of like bullying people
is just the most myth it's childish if
the way children behave when they're
trying to seek dominance over other
people yeah and anyone who claims that
anyone who bullies someone so viciously
and claims to be the good guy I can't
bear that right that to me is the most
yes I agree and they feel justified in
their bullying which is fascinating well
it's that thing that Steven Weinberg
said about you know in order for good
people to do bad things it takes a form
of religion and that's I think that's I
think what we see it's all going back to
what we're talking about earlier it is
these patterns of behavior that we have
seen since the beginning of time so that
means we've solved it I think we can
work out it's about dee dee radicalizing
yeah it's acknowledging it at least in
ideology but then you're faced with the
criticism that you're setting up a new
ideology to combat that ideology so it's
about it's about you probably are
unless yeah okay unless you say it's
about open-mindedness I think you have
to be very strong to exist without a
real clear ideology if you have you got
very strong well you have guiding
principles yeah and you have a and there
are I do believe some universal
but to never submit to Dogma never
submit you should guard against it and
and and and above all be willing to
listen to people you don't agree with
above you I think can do that the people
that were coerced by the Nazis to join
the party because they got into a chat
room yeah there's a problem there and I
think you know I had a joke about people
then I was explaining something to my
daughter when she was asking me why
people certain white people believe
things and I say some people have big
ears
some people have small ears right well
some people have brains that are made
out of dog shit right and that's just
how it goes and there's not much you can
do about those folks unless is that not
just a failure of Education you know
it's a little bit of a fare failure of
Education so in some instances it's
definitely that but in some instances
some people are dull they're just not
very bright but if we had a society
where people were socialized well you
know because I think being an economist
a dull absolutely depends on being
socialized effectively as a child yeah
but you know there's some people have
you ever been to a comedy hypnotism show
what's I didn't know that exists yeah
yeah it's really there was a big thing
back in Massachusetts when I started
doing stand-up in Boston there was a guy
named Frank Santos and he was a famous
hypnotist great guy yeah and Frank was
the best he was a genius at it and he
would get people on stage like who wants
to be hypnotized he wants me he did a
show that was a weekly at stitches
comedy club in Boston yeah all comics
like myself would all go to watch
because it was guaranteed hilarious so
we would go to the comedy club and we
would sit in the back and watch Frank
Santos bring he would bring like ten
people onstage and he would hypnotize
them in front of everybody and some
people he couldn't hypnotize and I don't
mean hypnotized like sit you down
because I've been hypnotized before
where they sit you down like my friend
Vinnie Sherman who's a hypnotist who
works with fighters and listen like a
mental coach and he basically gets you
into a calm state starts introducing
ideas to you this is not like that Frank
would do this publicly in front of
people and he could get a certain
percentage of people to just go with
suggestion and he'd be like you right
now are having sex with Madonna you
on top of Madonna you can't even believe
it oh my god you're so happy you're
gonna come in your pants and he would do
that in the guy we go oh like they would
come in their pants and it was actually
a jacket yes they were jacket okay and
they didn't know what happened and then
he would go you're gonna go to sleep now
and he would tell him go to sleep and
they would just just drop their head and
he would know when they were
bullshitting and he would know where
they were not bullshit and I had long
conversations with him about this I'm
like how do you do this and he had been
hypnotizing people forever to keep
talking he was a legitimate hypnotist
but he's like some people are just
really susceptible is it is it partly
performative though in those situations
is it that some of them are thinking
there's an audience there I'd better do
what I'm told or even even I have clean
data but you know knew when they were
not under okay dude it was crazy it's
crazy to what end it's not you and it's
not him and it's not me there's certain
people the people that would join the
cult there's certain people say you're
talking about suggestible people who are
instinctively suggestible right the like
the hale-bopp comet cult remember that
the Heaven's Gate cult they cut their
balls off and wore purple Nikes and they
waited for the cut and they all killed
themselves right in the comet was coming
do you remember that I actually just
does ring a bell yeah but who the fuck
would do that who would do that people
with really dull minds there's certain
people look some people are tall some
people are short some people's brains
don't work well alright but even I think
this is a this is something where we
don't agree I said low because I think
ultimately what you do even if you do
identify that even if you say in the in
society there are these people who
suggestible just stupid let's call it
what it is yeah dar minded low IQ they
still have every right to live in our
society and be treated well and all the
rest of it so sure so um but and I don't
think we should just change all our laws
and traditions in the way we do think
because some people are going to react
like idiots and some people are going to
you know I just think I'm with you as a
person because I'm not saying that we
should I'm just saying it's going to be
always going to be a problem but that's
that's a great a good way of approaching
it's to acknowledge that it's always
gonna be a problems because this is
often the argument used for censorship
isn't it's like that if you put out a
film that is particularly violent of
course most people aren't going to react
to it but some will yes well fine some
will but that but that those same people
could be triggered by absolutely
anything it right it could be an angry
word that a relative said it could be a
news item that they saw because we still
have to live in the world as it exists
and not try and absolutely
total everyone and try and prevent any
possibility of transgression I have 100%
agree with you and I'm on your side but
I'm saying even if you do your best
yeah who's going to be a certain amount
of people that are just not going the
education is not gonna see you in the
the evaluation of things on an objective
level is never gonna work
that's cuz you're dealing with human
beings and that's that's why when when
when the social justice movement think
that they can attain this utopia
they think they can wipe out prejudice
right think that right I think that what
you can do is you can try and limit it
as much as possible and confront it
where it exists but but it is delusional
to think that you're gonna get rid of
malevolence and human and human factor
and oftentimes they suffer from their
own prejudice you know did you see the
thing with Don Lemon on CNN ideas - guys
where they started mocking Trump
supporters and and pretending they're
stupid and using a southern accent
I'm like you guys that's gonna be
adorable my prejudice yeah yeah exactly
and you're pretending it's funny yes is
even more offensive as a comedian you
know that shit ain't funny and Don Lemon
like ha and then afterwards even worse
he says he didn't realize that people
were being mocked and he didn't hear all
of it yeah he said he he what he was
laughing over them speaking or somebody
said he didn't hear the whole realize
that they were saying things that were
offensive I'm sorry I would never mock
it because some forms of prejudice are
okay and some are right
you know Zach the one I really love
about the social justice law but maybe
this is just a British thing but they're
all really ageist they've got a real
problem with old people right and then
white people Oh white people right well
then well there's that form of prejudice
I think it's because it brexit because
it's disproportionately older people's
oh yeah so they're like oh I don't care
about all people and in fact you even
have like the left-leaning papers like
The Guardian and the independence sort
of talking like well they're all gonna
die off soon and then we can have
another vote yeah but that's not how it
works it's like old people die from then
there are no more old people like people
get older people change their minds it
was Rick but it was also really toxic it
was this thing of like you know they've
fucked up the future for the young and
they're all you know it was really ugly
yeah and if for some reason these people
who claim that immutable characteristics
must be protected doesn't matter if
you're old they'll go for you if you're
old or you know let you say straight
white male straight away and see the old
faith in ourselves yeah yeah
but I don't know how you can see that as
anything is hypocritical well to make
that point you your logical and you're
intelligent your objective of course you
can't but their work you know I mean
it's they might as well be in that
Heaven's Gate cult that's the same thing
well I think I wonder if a lot of it is
coming from the media it's coming from
the press is coming from there we've got
I don't know what it's like I mean we
saw that asked from the New York Times
we've got stuff like that we've got this
paper The Guardian and the independent
they are pushing this stuff hardcore
itself every single day you know it's a
lot of heat clicks - yeah oh they
so if actually shall I give you this
example do you know that I trolled the
independent the newspaper No
right so I wanted to test as an
experiment right whether they would
publish something really stupidly woke
just because it's woke right so I
submitted an article like James Lindsay
and right yeah like that on a smaller
scale you know but I I thought I wrote
an article arguing that comedians ought
to be prosecuted for hate speech right
that mentioning a few comics mention and
it was so obviously a hoax and so
obviously stupid and I made up a name
and I sent in and they got back to me
that this is brilliant we love this this
is amazing they were really loving it
and they published it it's still online
and what's he wear how could we find
right it's hold the name is Liam if you
search Liam Evans desert your name yeah
and I must my fate Liam Evans
independent and the headline is
something like it's something to do with
comedy if you search that it'll come I
hate speech hate speech or how many of
these online names so here it is right
as a comedy aficionado I'm appalled at
discussing jokes creeping back into the
industry and look at a neighbor look at
the tagline comedians crying free speech
isn't good enough hate crime laws should
apply to all of us now the thing about
this article if you take the fourth
letter of every sentence it spells out
to Tonya McGrath wrote this you gullible
hacks and this is a mainstream oh my god
that's hilarious the mainstream
newspaper it's a it's one of our major
it's amazing that you were able to
encode that well it also shows that they
did fuck all editing they said they just
took it because they loved what it was
saying
was the point isn't to try and fool
people who'll be mean to people or
anything it's it's exposing this thing
that the media will if the woke media if
it furthers their agenda they'll publish
anything by someone who wasn't even
known he had no online presence this guy
it's just they agreed with the sentiment
and so they published it in their paper
you just be a random so random random
person sends it in and they're like
brilliant yeah they just agree and they
put it in a national paper that was the
independence you know it's it's um I
can't believe haven't taken it down yet
well I only I only sort of revealed it a
couple months ago in this speech I gave
it was the one where I was with Peter
and James Lindsay and it went online but
I suppose not many people know about it
but that yeah they probably take it down
now they're you know fucking because I
actually think raise your standards you
know yeah so you don't if stop feeding
us this this ideological bullshit I
think there's an issue too with online
journalism that these people are
basically fighting for their own
survival there's not a lot of money in
it it's hard to get clicks you have to
have clickbait titles you have to attack
people for things like in order to get
like real engagement yeah you have to
kind of give in to a certain amount of
madness it's not depressing that's the
same reason why the most extreme ideas
on Twitter get more retweets they get
rewarded don't know with likes and
retweets in everything girl it's like
the whole but that shouldn't I have a
real old-fashioned view of the media I
want to hold them to high standards
mm-hm and I don't want them to be going
for clickbait and saying the most
extreme things I know I think you're
right and I think they do it for that
reason you know I just wish they
wouldn't I mean to save that for some
like The Huffington Post doing stuff
like women are evil that was one
headline women are evil and you know
stuff like BuzzFeed does it as well you
just think but but when it comes to sort
of reputable for publications like the
New York Times and you know by The
Washington Post why are they pushing
this I think they're struggling so you
think it's just about money I think
that's a viable way to generate clicks
and clicks is what generates income and
I think there's a real issue if you I
know guys who are journalists and women
as well who will tell you that
their articles do not get a certain
amount of engagement yeah they're in
trouble you know they can't just can't
rent things that everything has to be
something that is engaging it has to be
it has to be attractive but Facebook's
algorithm does right yeah I mean one of
the things that Facebook's algorithm
does is it's sort of in some way
encourages people to be upset about
things because it shows you a lot of
things that you engage with and a lot of
times people tend to engage with things
that they're upset by yeah so whether
it's abortion or second-amendment or
whatever the subject is right if you
haven't engaged with that and you you
you respond a lot you start and that's
what they're going to show you over and
over and over again and it's really more
of a symptom of what human beings are
attracted to a lot of times we're
attractive things that upset us but
that's gonna spiral further and further
out of control I mean what are you
logical but no but the culture war is
being moated is engineered by by by all
of this stuff out there and and that's
the argument against Facebook right the
culture war has been engineered by
algorithms yeah and although I'm really
torn on this actually cuz I'm so I'm so
against censorship in all its you know I
really am but I want I want if
journalists and commentators had high
standards and were just being honest
first and foremost and they had
integrity and they weren't just after
clicks then we then half of this and
half of this stuff would go away I feel
some of it would go away my question is
they weren't doing this 15 years ago No
so what will they be doing 15 years from
now well will this wear out will this
dry up so that's the question is it are
we gonna reach a tipping point right
that's the question right because every
time I think we're nearly at the tipping
point they double down and it gets worse
right so you know after Trump's election
for instance right almost immediately
you had the women's March and I didn't
really know what that was about like it
was it was some people are marching for
feminism some people marching for
environmental issues some people much it
was really incoherent yes a lot of them
addressed in the pink pussy hats and and
giant vagina costumes instead I thought
what what are you protesting here are
you saying that unit and and a lot of
them had banners saying not my president
right so they're protesting against
democracy then in that case the same
thing in the UK when when we just had
our general election was a big March
with loads people with balancing not my
Prime Minister Boris Johnson not work
well he is your Prime Minister because
we had a democratic Monday and that's
how this works right so I think what are
you prep but seriously what is the point
of that protest like I think they're
just showing unity is showing that
they're all together in their anger
about this and that in the future
they're gonna be a combined force and
they're gonna make sure that this
doesn't happen again I think there's a
better way to do it without generating
so much resentment right I think I think
there's a there's a more sophisticated
approach which is to say that democracy
is sustained on the principle of the
loser's consent with any any democracy
is going to have a substantial
proportion of the population who did not
vote for the leader of that sure and and
and and you have to have that and the
best ways to is through a cogent
persuasion and sensible discussion and
of the issues not dressing up as a
vagina
that's just my yeah no I agree with you
in many ways but I also think for them
is also fun to get together with a bunch
of like-minded people and you know and
then there's the the men who joined in
hey girls I'm with you okay I'm bored
with but the Marches after Boris
Johnson's election weren't about fun
they were that was an explosion of Rage
I didn't see that but it is weird to me
that he looks like Trump that's like
your version of Trump I think he's he's
not the same it's not the same he's the
same wacky here and yeah and he's got
that reputation of saying what he thinks
and all the rest of it so that there's
similarities but I don't think they're
comparable Boris I don't support Boris
but he's very smart and he's voting yeah
he's a smart guy and he's um
you know I've never voted for that his
party we're ignorant to your country
over here yeah I was at a platform well
so he's in the Conservative Party we
only pay attention to the Queen and the
king really the prince and whatever
prince is in trouble because he was
banging chicks on fuck island
Oh Prince Andrew Prince who's leaving
but you paid to do that you're more
interesting the family that they have no
power in our country and you know I mean
you you stole Harry from us then yes you
got him back and you turned him woke you
turned him really working then just as
you walk oh my god president yeah yeah
so so Megan marklars completely
mr. 100% and bare mind he used to be the
one I used to go sort of parties and do
drugs and identity drugs actually should
qualify the she made him walk um yeah
he's a super woke now hmm well it's
gonna move to Canada it's a good place
to be woke that's why but they're also
saying that he can't moved Canada
because if you're a royal from England
I'm supposed to have a primary residence
in Canada because it's part of the
Commonwealth or something yes the ideas
like you can't come in there and take
over because if you did he's lost his
title now why are you grandma
that says a lot she was pissed off oh
she just said no you can't have your
title you got to pay for your cottage
all that money you took from the
taxpayers you've got to pay for college
by the way it's a big estates but they
call it Frogmore cottage but it's funny
to me that you guys over here more
interested in in some sort of outmoded
anarchic anarchic archaic institutions
like the royal family and not so there
isn't really an awareness of our
political situation we know brexit bad
brexit bad but bricks it's not bad
that's all we hear you hit brick cracks
it bad and but why racist right okay so
bad but that can I say this because I
know brick see probably bores people but
the problem with the whole brexit thing
is people thought it was about right at
race people thought it was like you
voted for the EU if you were a good
person and voted against if you're a bad
person correct it wasn't that no no
he'll rely to you've been lied to it was
a most people voted because they wanted
the idea in fact the polls straight
after the vote said that the number one
reason why people voted bricks it is
they wanted the laws to govern their
country to be made within their country
which strikes me as a very reasonable
proposition right if you if you're a
Democrat you want to be able to vote out
the people in power you can't vote out
those bureaucrats and Brussels you can't
do it that's the principle it's not
because we want to go back to some
pre-war nostalgic or white country this
is a complete lie and it's just
experientially unsound I mean I don't
meet anyone like that you know but
that's the way it's been spun you know
what and also by the way if you're
left-wing and you're supporting the EU
which is this neoliberal trading bloc
that is really pro corporate ruthlessly
so then I don't know how you can even
call yourself left-wing to be honest so
what is the
anger in the streets in England it's
because of the mother this goes back to
what we're saying about the press so we
had six months of debate on the brexit
issue before people voted so people
really knew what they were voting for
they knew what these issues were about
but the media was constantly spinning
and saying if you vote leave you're a
racist and if you vote to remain in the
EU you're one of the good guys
that was the narrative they were
spending from the start and people would
and you know what it did it did that
thing of generating resentment did
anybody step out that that's logical and
objective to say hey yeah you can you
can look at this at a different way but
those voices got drowned out by the
utter swill that was being spilt out all
the time right and I'm not denying that
there are some racists in the UK and
that some of them might vote Italy there
were probably some racists who remain
whatever but there's such a minority and
when you've got a media class constantly
saying to you you're you all you poor
working-class people you're scum you're
racist you hate you know whatever then
they're gonna go in that voting booth
and they're gonna they're gonna say fuck
you and they're gonna vote out and
that's what happened and it was a big
backlash against being patronized people
hated it you know and it's that I you
know I hate that narrative that we live
in a racist country when be absent and
that bricks it is used as evidence but I
see it as comparable I think it's very
different to the Trump election but I
see it the one thing that I think is
comparable is that the premise right if
you've got all these sort of woke
activists who say that they believe that
we live in this fascist country and that
they believe a fascist would vote for
Trump and then when Trump wins they use
that as evidence for the premise that
they set up right and that's why they
double down because they say well he won
so therefore we were right all along
with we're a country full of fascists
like yeah but your premise wasn't right
so that and that's how you that's how we
need to break that's it that's that sort
of cycle of doubling down on the the
same bullshit and and and guaranteeing
Trump another term by doing so by the
way I'm pretty sure probably it really
depends on how many people get behind
Bernie right okay they're not Bernie
actually gets through the DNC does not
want Bernie right so there's and there's
they didn't last time did they no they
they don't like budget or whatever it's
really fascinating I don't know what it
is because I'm not that well versed
because he's a socialist is it
I don't I think they have a zero control
over how that's part of the issue as
well well you know in the UK we the
comparable figure is Jeremy Corbyn he's
full-on socialist left-wing but he by
the way hates the EU that's the other
complicated thing I think it's also
corporate money who won't take anything
right because but us associates
principle yes right yeah and I think the
resistance is the rest of them want that
money
it is like the word socialist over here
there's a proper dirty word like yes
really because you've had this history
of I remember that stuff about the fear
of socialized medicine he was here that
sort of thing like you know we've got an
NHS that works pretty well we've got a
National Health Service that works so
you know and you also have independent
doctors too right so if you have a lot
of money you could get yeah you can get
your name yeah you can yeah that's right
if you know if you're if you're one of
the minute you know if you're poor
though the difference is you can get
treated you can get treated like if you
if you get if you're poor here and you
haven't got health insurance don't you
just die if you get so there's Medicaid
is that my prejudice yes yeah I mean
there there are some systems that are in
place but they're not good I got it did
not ideal and a lot of people get
saddled down with horrible medical debt
if they do get injured well I think that
I've got an American friend who had a
very serious illness in England and he
the NHS were brilliant and it was like
these people didn't though this is
amazing you know didn't have to pay for
any of it you know it's it's I think
that something really beautiful about
that I love our niche and I know people
criticize it and say obviously there's
gonna be mistakes with such a big
institution like that and there's going
to be bureaucrats and all the rest of it
but it's it's a really wonderful thing
that anyone can get treated and they're
not going to have a big bill at the end
of it I really love that we're
conditioned to think that anything that
involves anything socialist or anything
free anything that's paid for by the
government where someone can't make the
ultimate amount of profit right it D
incentivizes them from being very good I
would say right when we think about a
doctor we want a doctor that is pushing
really hard to be the best doctor so he
can get a Ferrari in a big house because
that guy's gonna kick ass that's without
an American the mindset that's the
capitalist mindset isn't it particularly
the American mind said I know it's not
just capitalism it's exceptionalism and
it's like wanting to be number one
I want hey who'd you get to do your knee
Oh God dr. Gettleman he's the fucking
best right no he does
the Lakers that guy does the Patriots
he's the fucking man yeah he fix his
knees I go to him you know and so
everybody wants to go and you recommend
do you know a good shoulder doctor oh
yeah dr. Goldberg he's the man he does
the fucking boxers he did Floyd
Mayweather like that kind of shit it's
alien to me like that you know a
shoulder doctor I would you know you
just go to the NHS and they give you the
doctor they give it I think I'm not
against incentive the idea of incentives
and people like striving to make their
lives better and everything like I think
that's absolutely fine but but like if
Anthony Joshua say if Anthony Joshua
needs shoulder surgery you know he's not
going NHS if you if you're rich you'll
go to drive it for a good reason right
not be a better doctor no no no I
attending shoulder specialist yeah I
tell you Anthony John or his shoulders
are everything right he's a puncher
that's his whole thing I start punches
if he blows his shoulders out he's
fucked it isn't the case that the the
NHS has substandard doctor it isn't the
case and the reason for that is it's a
vocational thing so most doctors feel
obliged I feel an obligation a moral
obligation to work for the NHS and they
do so for many years doctors a great
people life you if you go into that
profession it's because you want to help
people isn't it not because you want the
Ferrari I think it in America that's
because you want the floor okay I think
they're brilliant people it's a very
difficult thing to achieve
yeah like to be a doctor a physician in
fact it's very hard of course it's a lot
of work and you deserve to be paired
well absolutely but i but i but i also
think it is it is a comes from a moral
place it comes from a place of good and
ideally the ass ideally you definitely
would think that yeah right but i and i
think our NHS proves that i mean doctors
earn a reasonable and they're not poor
right I think they can have nice nice
things you know it's it's yes it's not I
imagine I mean I'm speaking out of
ignorance here I don't know how the NHS
is portrayed over here how our health
service is portrayed over here but did
you see it's like this scary communist
thing where oh yeah they leave I can
force him some people's abdomens and
shit and they don't forget to stitch
people up what I'm sure that happens
real human right will make mistakes
there look I have friends that have
experienced socialized medicine in
Canada in particular and had some really
bad results I can also that is one of
the things that people
can't you experience bad results on the
privates it's 100% right and have and I
know friends over here that have but our
prejudice is ha I told you hmm
I told you it's all socialized medicine
but meanwhile I also have friends that
mock us for having to pay for things
when you got to go to the doctor or pay
for things if you get ill or if you get
injured yeah you're so stupid why do you
have to pay for that that's crazy yeah
well there's a great video where a man
in the UK is walking around asking
people in England what do you think it
costs to do this in America well I think
we've no idea give birth it's crazy yeah
it's a lot people like Oh hundred
dollars like ten thousand dollars ten
thousand
like people go crazy but also don't you
think like if there's a cash incentive
for doctors and medicine and the
pharmaceutical industry that there's
something really dangerous about that
that's why you've got people who you
know whenever an insurance claim comes
in you've got these lawyers who are
hired to try and undermine the claim and
says I'll find some pre-existing
condition from years ago so and leave
you to die because the because the
incentive is all about money not about
humanity and that's not the real scary
accusations or unnecessary surgeries
right and I have been suggested to have
unnecessary surgery personally right and
I have avoided it and and become very
healthy without the surgery you see I
yeah it's because people wanna make more
money out of you well I think it's also
because they're if they have a hammer
they want to hit a nail right you know
like this is what I do you need a
surgery in your neck out on us on a
small on a small level I experienced
that when I went to a private dentist to
say what do I need done and he told me
basically that my whole mouth was rotten
and was dying and it would cost that it
wasn't true I went to an NHS dentist I
know you just got a couple of issues
there we'll sort it out a bit today wait
twenty quid or something and that's a
real problem in America as well but this
other dentist but obviously wanted to
make as much money out of me as possible
that's so dark you know a dark that
someone would be willing to do that some
guy got arrested recently because he was
pulling teeth that he didn't have to
pull oh come on yeah it's so fucked up
so fuck that I'm gonna do that so that's
the downside of the cash incentive for
bad people but again that falls in the
face of your narrative that people that
getting a doctor to get into medicine or
good people well they're not always good
people they're not always good people
okay I'm willing to
concede that point especially but but
and then maybe it's maybe there are good
people they do it in a national health
care system but they're not what if if
they are compromised and it becomes a
part you know an issue of making money
yeah then they might compromise so I
think I've worked out a common thread in
our discussion which is that I tend to
think that most people are generally
good and I don't think you do am i right
I think I admit that right when people
are good
I fly it's great when people you see
that as an aberration from the norm
right I don't think it's an aberration
but I take into consideration the fact
that some people suck right I'm willing
to do that as well but I think -
humanity on the whole is underrated and
that we get there oh yeah for sure
there's no way we'd be able to live yeah
think about how often you go to the
movie theater or a restaurant or a bar
and you're surrounded by people and no
one doesn't anything bad yeah look I
live in the public eye right and I do
everything like I do so many things in
front of large groups of people yeah
many trust the great yeah most people
are great I do comedy and I'm always in
front of live groups of people 99.99999
percent of people are awesome you know
even my hecklers they're good people
they just get a little drawn are they
they're not in the UK they're annoying
they're annoying here too but they're
just drunk because you can't live any
other way can you you can't leave it any
other way but to trust humanity into
trust because you trust that people are
essentially good and and that's why I
think ultimately these things will be
subverted and end you know like the work
movement like I think we have a problem
in America as well with education being
so fucking insanely expensive and
insurance for doctors being so insanely
expensive that you get these doctors in
this position where they're they're
they're really over the barrel
okay have so much debt and so they are
incentivized to try to do these
unnecessary surgery okay
that's a very good point yeah I mean I
know absolutely nothing about your
education system I should just put that
out there it's so expensive right and
you don't it's not that expensive in
England I think not not comparable
really but how much would it cost to do
a degree here say for instance if you
want to be a lawyer or something that's
good question that's I'm sure we can
google that let's say from the first
year of your university study to passing
the bar yeah
what kind of debt Jaime are most lawyers
in just college right yeah justjust Law
School College Law School you want
doesn't matter where does it change
depending on the universe yeah so Ivy
League okay let's go with Harvard let's
go with the big boys so if you're an Ivy
League you it helps you to get a job
presumably that yeah I graduated from
Harvard right he's the cream of the crop
my boy okay yeah you're fucked
III half a million in the hole before
you even get going I in the UK we've
it's standardized Oh 65 okay that's a
hell of a lot $65,000 so more than most
people make a year yeah you have to
spend on your education while you're not
making any money so yeah 65 k here just
think that's stacking up one two three
four five six
I suppose what they're saying is that's
an investment for the future because if
you do this you'll get the great job and
maybe but you're almost $400,000 in the
hole by the time you graduate when yeah
I'm making any money it's nowhere near
like that in the UK it's horrible so we
and we have a really good student loan
system where the the interest is minimal
and you don't have to pay it back until
you're earning a certain amount and all
that and we found I when I went to
university I was the last year to get a
full grant I didn't pay for anything
the government paid for absolutely
everything that's awesome because it was
also means-tested back then because my
family weren't well-off I got everything
got paid for that's awesome that mean
that's ideal I would love that I mean
I'm for sure some people get
scholarships in America as well right I
would just like it if people didn't have
to start their life once they're out of
education already hundreds of thousands
of dollars in debt yeah it's just such a
burden but also what do you do if you
are from a poor background how can you
possibly and say that you can get
scholars you can't get definitely can
but you have to have very good grades
okay and you know I think with a lot of
people that they get out of school first
of all a lot of people sign up for this
debt when they're 17 18 years old they
don't even know what the fuck they're
doing yeah and you they're gonna come on
we got a loan for you get in there go to
work who the hell knows what they want
to do at 17 no one knows and if you
don't you get shamed you feel terrible
yeah
it's going straight to school I heard
this recently on Harvard specifically
right there's also I popped it up on the
20% of Harvard families pay nothing for
their students to attend well those are
probably just 20% kick ass fucking super
good student sweet great a bar of 65k
for your family income you get in I
think it's like a scholarship for lying
right or something but you have to have
obviously stellar grades right yes
obviously just to get into Harvard in
the first place do you think it's an
effective meritocracy than the US
there's aspects of it that are effective
but it's definitely not perfect and the
the student loan issues a gigantic one I
feel like if we spend so much of our tax
money on so many different things that
people disagree with and how much would
it cost to have I mean I'm not talking
about for people to don't try I mean you
should definitely have there should
definitely be requirements for you to
get a free education right but it should
be definitely much easier than it is now
yeah and how is your what you call in
our country the public schools in the
terrible because in if you've got
nothing and you go to the local well the
real issue is high schools high schools
and and in grade schools like if you're
poor goddamnit there's some rough school
country and they don't get paid much and
the teachers don't give a shit and
there's some good ones you know there's
definitely some good ones and there's
definitely some people even in some bad
neighborhoods that get some good
education but that's few and far between
and this is the points that if you if
you want from one of those backgrounds
the odds are stacked against you they
just so it's all very well sort of
saying that anyone can succeed if they
work hard but not really no not really
no no not really you definitely don't
get as good in advance I mean if you
look at the when they show how well kids
do in private school and yeah the
restaurant versus public school pretty
staggering differences and you know and
I've see I see the argument both ways
that the people that are in the private
school they're there because their
parents care more and they pay more
attention so the kids study harder but
if those same kids are in public school
and they studied just as hard they would
get by but yeah but they they'd be
dealing with crime and violence and so
they shouldn't be that the kids and the
private schools aren't dealing with and
you know more much more stress and more
like even more stress at home and
so that issues I find it astonished that
people don't won't acknowledge that some
people are more advantaged in certain
way alright this is why I think when it
comes to social advantageous or the way
in which people are prioritize are
privileged over other people it's mostly
about money ultimately when we talk
about privilege all the time we hear
things about white privilege and
heterosexual privilege and stuff like
that actually ultimately is about cash
it's about who's the richest that's for
sure that's a big part of it for sure
and I think that stuff is obscured by
all the other the other stuff that well
anybody who thinks white privilege is
universal needs to go to Kentucky and
see the coal miners right because
there's some there's some families that
live in these insane rural communities
in West Virginia yes they're so poor
they're so fucked and everyone around
them is on pills and no one has any
money and there's just crime and just
poverty yeah that you can and I mean I
have a friend who's from there it's like
man you've never seen poverty like this
so couldn't they just come up with a
different phrase than white privilege
because I get the point they're trying
to make which is that if you have two
people exactly the same backgrounds the
person of color is going to face more
prejudice right I guess point and that's
yes that's right but the problem is not
white privilege the problem is prejudice
right yes examine accept prejudice don't
combat why people don't experience the
prejudice right and for the white people
that do have this advantage that they
don't experience prejudice the only
reason why that exists is because of
racism right the actual problem is
racism is racism absolutely yeah it's
not white privilege no and they and just
rhetorically it's a really bad thing too
because people just hear the word
privilege I think I'm not privileged why
they white especially poor white people
act 'va stin the UK who called Monroe
bergdorf and the phrase used was you can
still be homeless and have white
privilege oh and we're law and I just
think how how is that a helpful thing to
say like it even if you could break it
down philosophically and sort of prove
your point and just think in terms of
how you come across when you say that
you know that's that's not again
woke yeah it's just the religion it's
there they're part of the religion and
we really should start with referring to
it as a religion we should but then that
there would be some push Church of woke
okay they get tax-free status just show
up at the walk Cathedral yeah and and
they've got all your money to try
gender people or whatever I've got their
high priest yes they do they've got
their you know their Saints their can
and I certain people they've been all of
the hallmarks yeah I just think I my
only I mean I'd have described it in
those terms and I have done today but
but to what is that really effective way
to challenge it as in is that isn't that
just gonna get people's backs up isn't
that going to get a little bit
everything you say about it will get
people's backs up but I think at least
it'll make people understand that there
are some fundamental patterns in human
behavior that have existed from the
beginning of time yeah people like
structure and they like they like
knowing where the rules are because life
in itself is too open-ended there's too
much existential angst there's too many
confusing questions that can't be
answered there's so much going on in
life itself that if you have a very
rigid ideology whether it is about a
holy creator or whether it's about the
fundamental aspects of society that are
that are unfair yeah and need to be
rallied against whether it's woke
ideology or whether it's you know fill
in the blank whatever other ideology I
just wish I could talk to them more but
they refused to talk to me this is well
they don't want to be I mean you could
talk to some the same way that Meghan
Phelps talked to her husband online you
could talk to the ones that are thinking
maybe this is bullshit and some of them
do think it's bullshit and I know some
of them that have broken free ya know
some former woke people that have woken
up I but I also get a lot of messages
from people saying I really like the
jokes you're telling but I will never
retreat them dad - yeah I can't say it
but they also want to keep their job you
know they don't want anybody harassing
them okay there's a lot of that all
right a lot of people that just want to
keep this job well maybe then when I was
talking about the tipping point and when
does it end maybe it's when more people
who are willing to be honest about their
skepticism about the whole thing maybe
think that's coming I think I think is
even though thing people are being very
rabid I think more people are going what
in the fuck they are happy they say and
it's the language policing that gets so
annoying words are not the problem folks
it's actual prejudice that's the problem
cause you know I mean whatever it is
whatever it is it's we've got this issue
with telling other people what to do
yeah I've got this issue with wanting
people to comply with the standards of
behavior that we are adhering to well
that's what I terrifies me about it is
the sheer certainty of it when you get
into a conversation when in the rare
occasions where someone from the work
movement will will talk to me it's like
they've it's never crossed their mind
that they could be wrong that it's just
not in their realm of existence that
they would even possibly think for a
second maybe I've got this a bit wrong
and that to me is a horrible
I don't know how you challenge that even
you know but you can't just like you
can't challenge someone who's a believer
in the Westboro Baptist Church but
really does one walk around those God
hates fags find their way out and they
eventually they did them too but not
many Megan can't even talk to her mom
really didn't they talk to her they even
turned on the leader didn't they turned
on Fred he died okay did they turn on
him after he died said he was a sinner
as well I think they probably that's
probably why they think he died fucking
nuts but he was truly pure he would have
kept him alive
and he was probably thinking about homos
you know who knows right okay okay
at least they're consistent I mean they
they are hateful hateful losers they are
hate pretty consistent you know they
they they don't twist that they are
literally interpreting the Bible as it
said like in a really scary way yeah
very scary way and the fact that it
justifies some pretty horrific actions I
mean q-max your soldier if your son was
a soldier and your son got shot down
yeah and you're at the funeral and these
guys are standing in front of the
building where you're having the service
and they're saying the reason why your
son died is because there's a bunch of
people out there that are in love with
other men yeah having sex with men and
so this is the reason why they're gonna
hold up these giant placards it's
horrible it's fucking crazy that's one
of the that's one of the examples that
really gets me that challenges me
insofar as my free speech yeah its
position because I just I thought
there's something it's so appalling and
upsetting when you see that sort of
thing but then do I can't I can't say
that I want to live in a society where
people aren't allowed to protest right
it's you can see it's like everything
else in human nature it's messy and
those work people need to understand
that
messy - yeah life is messy you can't you
can't get 100% compliance from people
and if you want that you're a bully yeah
you know you're being mean
you can't they're not gonna do it and
I'm not right you're not right
especially you're definitely not right
if you're not willing to debate people
on this idea so you don't even know if
you're right
that's why Obama was saying was anybody
who said that you know people aren't
perfect any time to be perfect yes it
was brilliant that's it and then
straight after he said it there was an
article in The New York Times that said
basically what a Boomer thing to say
that was what the responses are what a
boot lady's a boot like wow that's well
serious that's not a serious response to
quite a nuanced point is it no I think
every generation thinks they're gonna be
the ones to change the world yeah you
know I mean that that's an issue as well
I mean every generation yet comes along
thinks that they have the answers that
their parents didn't have I see signs
though that the younger generation said
what generation Zed or Z you'd say like
are reacting against the millennial
generation and there's there's there is
that's probably where the hope lies
isn't yes basically because actually the
Millennials are getting old now and and
those ideas are getting a bit out out of
the Millennials are gonna have to pay
their bills right the bills are coming
yeah and when the bills are coming like
fuck yeah I gotta earn some yeah and
then they realize other people aren't
working as hard and like hey what
socialism is great but I'd like you to
work Mike yeah no they'll be destroyed
by the realities of a capitalist society
yeah I mean ultimately the realities of
life are show me a young man who is not
a liberal and I'll show you a man with
no heart right show me an old man who's
not conservative and I'll show you a man
with no brain
yeah or Bernie Sanders you just get
stuck to his guns a lot of people
develop bills and Andrea and they see
that there's a lot of people that don't
want to work hard and there's they make
excuses for things when the reality is
their own behavior that's been holding
them back and there's there's so many
realities that are uncomfortable that we
have to address as we get older in life
and we realize how many people have
fallen into these classical pitfalls and
maybe our parents that told us about but
we thought we knew better when you talk
about liberal you mean left-wing here
that's what the word is yeah oh yeah
when we use it we don't mean that was a
liberal mean over there it means sort of
like the
the tradition of liberalism is that is a
belief in freedom ultimately it's a
belief in the freedom of the press
freedom of speech individual autonomy
yeah it's those kinds of principles
which aren't necessarily left and right
in that in that in our so I actually
think the liberal standpoint is the
solution to everything and I mean that
in the classical liberal tradition it's
okay so then we give an example so if
you for it take the trans issue right
with it which I know is something that
just by talking about is a bit it is a
bit of a risky thing although I think
the fact that we're not having
discussions and debates about that is
part of the problem but if you take the
liberal position on that what you say is
anyone has the right to identify however
they want call themselves whatever they
want have surgery on their own body do
whatever they want to do mmm-hmm but
then other people have the right to
choose the language that they use in in
terms of addressing them everyone has
their own individual rights and that's
the liberal position you that strikes me
as the sensible way to do it you know
and yeah I think that's the sensible way
to do it I think we should be nice right
actually I don't think you could
legislate that right you can't legislate
nice behavior um I think if someone
doesn't want to call a trans woman a
woman yeah yeah I don't think you should
have to go to jail that's what I mean
yeah because because that would be in a
liberal position yes the work movement
is a fundamental liberal movement
because it believes in compelled speech
yes it believes in not just compelling
forms of speech but also censoring you
and saying what you can absolutely what
you cannot kind of demanding compliance
so I'm just sick of them call themselves
liberals yeah well you know it's me you
guys definitely have a different
definition of liberal yeah yeah liberal
in America is essentially mostly
left-wing like when we hear people call
themselves a classical liberal liberal
over here or like oh you're just like a
sneaky Republican okay that's not what
it means well yeah we are I think I
think we need to restore the idea of
liberalism is in what it actually means
yeah Arlie are classical liberals well
maybe Jordan Jordan Peterson a classical
liberal but he's not American no he's
from Toronto the everyone says he's
conservative and they they okay he's not
no I mean he is in certain things but
he's just a believer in responsibility
and hard work yes he's a sweetheart of a
guy yeah he really is he's very
open-minded and very intelligent and you
know and I don't disagree I don't agree
with him rather on everything but I
I definitely respect him yeah I'm
definitely and he's onto something with
with the liberal okay if you come from a
liberal background as well you'll be
willing to be challenged and you were
willing to listen to other people and I
think he is well you know you you've
over your country that Kathy Newman
interview be Oh huge yeah so what you're
trying to say is like he's like I'll
tell you what I'm saying
that's think I'm trying to put words my
mouth you're trying to distort my
position I think ninety-eight percent of
all the arguments that go on on Twitter
would disappear overnight if people just
actually faithfully represented what
their opponents were saying well if they
saw each other in person well that have
faithfully represented that's a big part
although the Kathy Newman thing shows
that even that doesn't necessarily help
I mean she did help eventually she was
usually ignoring what he actually said
and substituting it for something so she
wasn't even talking to Jordan Peterson
she was talking to a figment of her
imagination called Jordan Peterson
that's not the same thing yes you're
dead right that's not you're right
you're dead right that's exactly it is
and I think she severely underestimated
who he is as a human being I also think
she hadn't read the book no how could
she she's so busy yeah she's a busy
she's a busy woman she's very talented
actually I think you know I think that
was just a it was a mistake that's yes I
think that's the best way to describe it
I messed up and she's been tortured
online since then which I would I think
he's horrible as well you know it is
yeah but it's easy you know it's easy
it's easy for people to pick on her but
but it's good now that we've got that
lesson because that came like a meme
then didn't you know that so what you're
saying is and that's a really good
example of this Mis characterization
stuff which is just so the norm now yeah
and now that we've got that example it's
a it's a way to point you know I used to
teach critical thinking in school at an
a-level which is sort of like sixteen
seventeen year old kids and one of the
first things I'd teach them is about
firstly ad hominem attacks if you throw
an insult you've lost the argument this
is a class that's it it's over you've
lost it if you don't faithfully
represent what the other person saying
you've lost the argument okay that's
called a straw man yes we've got all
these things and yet not just people on
Twitter but but people in the mainstream
media and and politicians are failing on
these basic principles of critical
thinking and argumentation so if we can
just restore it back in the educational
system so people understand once you
throw the insult you've lost it I
couldn't agree more
but again
this is not in compliance with woke
ideology it's not yet that's what for
straight you'd have to adjust work
ideology right and I don't think they're
willing to do that because I think they
think that they're right well yes they
do yeah yeah they have a religion and
you know if you think that you shouldn't
take the Lord's name in vain and
someone's doing that that person is a
sinner but if you go if you can go back
to the universities and you can
reinstate critical thinking there that
would be the solution I think that good
luck because you got a lot of world
people teaching I know I know I'm trying
to come up with the solution here I
really am the solution is generation Z
yeah it is that's a solution hope lies
with the children yeah and what I'm
getting all these books like feminist
baby what that shit's gonna work I think
that feminist baby stuff is hilarious
and that's also Millennials having kids
right they're not having kids yet and I
think they're probably not I think the
younger people are laugh at that I think
they should yeah yeah I hope they laugh
at it
I haven't read feminist baby action I
don't think anybody has how about that
no just buy it they just buy it and hope
the fucking kid comes out good listen
man it's been a pleasure having you on I
really appreciate it
yeah in the grout everybody this there
is a book it's called woke a guide to
social justice by - Tonia McGrath you
can get it it's hilarious my friend
Bridget fetes II was the first person to
tell me about it
she's great she's great yeah and she's
another person who has become hilarious
and and famous on Twitter just from
being logical and funny but being honest
and being herself
you know it's but today it's so
liberating when you just realize I can
say what I want yeah it's a wonderful
thing can and many many many people
gravitate towards it yeah that's the
beautiful thing
yeah you know I don't think it's a war
so I'm wouldn't say we're winning a
battle but I think there's a lot of
people that get it I think there's every
reason to be optimistic there's a lot of
fucking people out there man that's part
of the problem and a lot of them have a
voice yeah yeah the noise I think will
win the noise thank you brother
appreciate you being here man let's do
it again that'd be great thanks
[Music]